# Q1 - Σ51

---

## Questions
1. True/False

Terraform does not support user-defined functions. So users can only use the functions that are officially available.

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 1.:</summary>
True
</details>

2. Which one among these configuration formats is supported by terraform? (Choose 2)

a. Python

b. HCL

c. Java

d. JSON

e. Go

<details>
<summary>Answer 2. :</summary>
HCL<br/>
JSON<br/><br/>
  <ins>SRC:</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/language/syntax/json
</details>

3. Which among these offerings are unique to Terraform Enterprise and are not available in Terraform Open Source as well as Terraform Cloud (Free and Team & Governance). Select 3.

a) Terraform Functions

b) Audit Logging

c) Sentinel

d) Clustering Functionality

e) Version Control system Integration

f) Graphical user interface

g) Private network connectivity

<details>
<summary>Answer 3. :</summary>
  b: Audit logging <br/>
  d: clustering functionality<br/>
  f: Private Network Connectivity<br/><br/>
  
  <ins>ref:</ins><br/>
  https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing/
</details>

4. True/False

terraform refresh modifies the state file but will not modify the cloud infrastructure

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 4. :</summary>
True
</details>

5. There is a variable defined within the terraform configuration. The name of the variable is custom_var. There is no value associated with the variable.

If you run terraform plan, will it give an error stating "variable not defined?

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 5. :</summary>
  False<br/><br/>
  
  <ins>exp.</ins><br/>
  terraform plan
  <br/>
  var.custom_var
  <br/>&ensp; Enter a value:
  <br/>
  it will not give an error, it'll simply ask you to enter the value associated with     that vairable
</details>

6. We can set the terraform variables with the help of Environment variables.

Which among these is a correct format for setting up environment variables?

a) Env Key = Value

b) Key = Value

c) TF_VAR

d) TF_VAR_ENV

e) TF_VAR_

<details>
<summary>Answer 6. :</summary>
  e: TF_VAR_
  <br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins>
  <br/>
  eg.: $env:TF_VAR_region = "us-east-1"
</details>

7. True/False

If terraform init is run multiple times in a working directory, is there a chance where your configuration files would be modified or deleted?

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 7. :</summary>
  False
</details>

8. lookup function retrieves the value of a single element from which data type?

a) String

b) Tuple

c) Boolean

d) Map

<details>
<summary>Answer 8. :</summary>
  d: map<br/<br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins>
  <br/>
  lookup retrieves the value of a single element from a map, given its key.
  <br/>
  eg:<br/>
  lookup(map, key, default
</details>

9. Where does terraform store the data associated with the current state of your infrastructure when terraform planis run?

a) Database

b) Backend

c) State File

d) Configuration File

<details>
<summary>Answer 9. :</summary>
  c: State file
</details>

10. Should Terraform Provisioners be used extensively or they used minimally?

a) Extensively

b) Minimally

<details>
<summary>Answer 10. :</summary>
  b: Minimally<br/<br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins>
  <br/>
  Provisioners are the Last Resort. Make sure to always impart changes as part of the AMI (Image) itself rather than running provisioners for all the new servers
  <br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/index.html
</details>

11. True/False

It is recommended that terraform init should not be run multiple times since the command will download all the plugins from the cloud provider every time the command is run.

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 11. :</summary>
  False
</details>

12. What is the best way to destroy and recreate the resource?

a) terraform fmt

b) terraform destroy

c) terraform taint

d) terraform refresh

<details>
<summary>Answer 12. :</summary>
  c: terraform tain
</details>

13. Which terraform feature allows users to switch between multiple instances of a single configuration with unique state file?

a) Provisioners

b) Backends

c) Functions

d) Workspaces

<details>
<summary>Answer 13. :</summary>
  d: workspaces
</details>

14. What tasks are achieved while running a  terrafom plan

a) Create an execution plan by evaluating the difference between the configuration file & state file

b) Performs a refresh, unless explicitly disabled, & then apply the changes that are necessary to achive the desired state specified in the configuration files

c) Create an execution plan by evaluating the difference between the configuration files & actuel infrastructure

d) Chekcs whether the execution plan for a set of changes matches your expectations by making changes to real resources or to the state

<details>
<summary>Answer 14. :</summary>
  a: Create an execution plan evaluating the difference between the configuration file & state file
</details>

15. True/False

After the TF_LOG_PATH is set by the administrator, is it also necessary to set the TF_LOG for the logging to be enabled?

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 15. :</summary>
  True
</details>

16. Does Terraform Workspace in the open-source version provide similar functionality when compared to Terraform Enterprise and the Cloud version?

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 16. :</summary>
  False
</details>

17. Terraform import can only import resources into the state. It cannot generate a terraform configuration?

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 17. :</summary>
  True
</details>

18. Detailed logs in terraform can be enabled by setting the _______  environment variable.

a) TF_LOG_PATH

b) TF_LOG

c) EN TF_LOG_PATH

d) TF_DEBUG

e) TF_INFO

<details>
<summary>Answer 18. :</summary>
  b: TF_LOG<br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins>
  <br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/internals/debugging.html
</details>

19. A terraform provider is best described by which of the following pointer?

a) A plugin that Terraform uses to translate the API interactions with the service or provider

b) Describes an infrastructure object, such as a virtual network, compute instance, or other components

c) Serves as a parameter for a Terraform module that allows a module to be customized

d) A container for multiple resources that are used together

<details>
<summary>Answer 19. :</summary>
  a: A plugin that Terraform uses to translate the API interactions with the service or provider
</details>

20. There is a need to install nginx on the remote machine. Matthew has decided to make use of Terraform provisioner. The command to install nginx is as follows:

yum -y install nginx

Which among the below options is the right approach to achieve the use-case?

a) 
````tf
provisioner "remote-exec" {
  inline = [
    command = "yum -y install nginx"
  ]
}
````

b) 
````tf
provisioner "remote-exec" {
  inline = [
    "yum -y install gninx"
  ]
}
````

c) 
````tf
provisioner "remote-exec" {
  inline = [
    run = "yum -y install nginx"
  ]
}
````

d) 
````tf
provisioner "local-exec" {
  inline = [
    "yum -y install nginx"
  ]
}
````

<details>
<summary>Answer 20. :</summary>
  b: <br/>
  provisioner "remote-exec" {<br/> &ensp; inline = [<br/>&ensp;&ensp; "yum -y install nginx" <br/> &ensp;]<br/>}
</details>

21. Which terraform command can rewrite Terraform configuration files to a canonical format?

a) terraform graph

b) terraform validate

c) terraform init

d) terraform fmt

<details>
<summary>Answer 21. :</summary>
  d: terraform fmt
</details>

22. There has been an open issue related to Terraform. You have figured out a solution and would like to add a fix to the terraform project.

Which language you will need to write the fix?

a) Java

b) Any Language

c) Python

d) Go

e) HCL

<details>
<summary>Answer 22. :</summary>
  d: Go
</details>

23. Which among the following definition best describes default local backend in Terraform OSS?

a) The local backend is where Terraform Enterprise stores logs to be processed by an log collector

b) The local backend stores on the local filesystem, locks the state using system APIs, & performs operations locally

c) The local backend is the directory where resources deployed by Terraform have direct access to in order to update their current state

d) The local backend is how Terraform connects to public cloud services, such AWS, Azure, or GCP

<details>
<summary>Answer 23. :</summary>
  b: The local backend stores state on the local fileSytem, locks the state using system APIs, & performs operations locally
</details>

24. Which of the following represents a feature of Terraform Cloud that is NOT free to customers?

a) Workspace management

b) Roles & Teams Management

c) Private Module Registry

d) VCS Integration

<details>
<summary>Answer 24. :</summary>
  b: Roles & Teams Management<br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins>
  <br/>
  https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing
</details>

25. local-exec provisioner is used for which use-case? (Choose Two)

a) Executes a command on the resource to invoke an update to the Terraform state

b) To execute one or more commands on the machine running Terraform

c) Ensures that the resource is only executed in the local infrastructure where Terraform is deployed

d) To invoke a local executable

<details>
<summary>Answer 25. :</summary>
  b: To execute one or more commands on the machine running Terraform<br/>
  d: To invoke a local executable
</details>

26. Which of the following commands will implicitly not run terraform refresh?

a) terraform plan

b) terraform destroy

c) terraform import

d) terraform init

<details>
<summary>Answer 26. :</summary>
  d: terraform init
</details>

27. Matthew has defined a map that contains multiple AMI ID associated with different regions. Following is a sample code:

````tf
variable "ami_ids" {
  type = "map"
  default = {
      "mumbai" = "image-abc"
      "germany" = "image-def"
      "states" = "image-xyz"
    }
}
````

The user needs to select the image-def. Which one of the following methods be used to select that image?

a) var.ami_ids[1]

b) var.ami_ids[2]

c) var.ami_ids["image-def"]

d) var.ami_ids["germany"]

<details>
<summary>Answer 27. :</summary>
  d: var.ami_ids["germany"]
</details>

28. Which among the following is the default backend for Terraform OSS?

a) consul

b) google cloud

c) backend

d) configuration file

e) local

<details>
<summary>Answer 28. :</summary>
  e: local
</details>

29. Which of the following will allow Matthew to stream the output of terraform plan that is running in Terraform Cloud locally?

a) Local Backends

b) This can be done using any of the local or remote backends

c) Terraform Backends

d) Remote Backends

<details>
<summary>Answer 29. :</summary>
  d: Remote backends
</details>

30. Which Terraform files should be ignored by Git when committing code to a repository? (Choose Three)

a) input.tf

b) output.tf

c) Files named exactly terraform.tfvars or terraform.tfvars.json

d) terraform.tfstate

e) Any files with names ending in .auto.tfvars or .auto.tfvars.json

<details>
<summary>Answer 30. :</summary>
  c: Files named exactly terraform.tfvars or terraform.tfvars.json
  <br/>
  d: terraform.tfstate
  <br/>
  e: Any files with names ending in .auto.tfvars or .auto.tfvars.json
  <br/><br/>
  
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  .tfvars files, which are likely to contain sensitive data, such as passwords, private keys, and other secrets. These should not be part of version # control as they are data points that are potentially sensitive and subject to change depending on the environment.<br/>
  Along with this, even tfstate files should not be committed. It can contain sensitive data. Instead, it is recommended to have tfstate to a remote backend.
</details>

31. Terraform works well in Windows but a Windows server is required.

a) False

b) True

<details>
<summary>Answer 31. :</summary>
  False
</details>

32. There are two workspaces which are created, namely PROD and QA

You want to deploy some infrastructure in the QA setup and have switched to QA workspace. Where will the state file be stored?

a) .terraform

b) terraform.d

c) terraform.tfstate.d

d) terraform.tfstate

<details>
<summary>Answer 32. :</summary>
  c: terraform.tfstate.d
</details>

33. Following is the sample terraform code:

````tf
output "db_password" {
  value = aws_db_instance.db.password
  description = "The password for logging in to the database"
  sensitive = true
}
````

Will the value associated with aws_db_instance.db.password be present within the terraform state file?

a) True

b) False

<details>
<summary>Answer 33. :</summary>
  True<br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  Setting an output value in the root module as sensitive prevents Terraform from showing its value in the list of outputs at the end of terraform apply<br/>
  Sensitive output values are still recorded in the state, and so will be visible to anyone who is able to access the state data.
</details>

34. While using a generic git repository as a module source, which of the below options allows terraform to select a specific version or tag instead of selecting the HEAD.

a) 
Append ref argument as:
````tf
module "VPC" {
  source = "git::https://example.com/vpc.git?ref=v1.2.0"
}
````

b)
Append version argument as
````tf
module "vpc" {
  source = "git::https://example.com/vpc.git?version=1.2.0"
}
````

c)
Append ref argument as
````tf
module "vpc" {
  source = "git::https://example.com/vpc.git#ref=v1.2.0"
}
````

d) 
By default, Terraform will clone & use the default branch (referenced by HEAD) in the selected repository & you can not override this

<details>
<summary>Answer 34. :</summary>
  a: append ref argument as:<br/> module "vpc" {<br/> &ensp; source = "git::https://example.com/vpc.git?ref=v1.2.0"<br/>}
  <br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins>
  <br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/modules/sources.html#generic-git-repository
</details>

35. There is an EC2 instance that has been created manually in AWS.

There is a need to import that EC2 instance so that it can be managed by terraform going forward. Following is the configuration file written:

````tf
resource "aws_instance" "myec2" {
  ami = "ami-bf5540df"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
  vpc_security_group_ids = ["sg-6ae7d613", "sg-53370035"]
  key_name = "remotepractical"
  subnet_id = "subnet-9e3cfbc5"
 
  tags {
    Name = "manual"
  }
}
````

The instance-id associated with manually created EC2 is i-234567. How can the import process happen?

a) terraform import i-234567

b) terraform import i-234567 aws_instance.myec2

c) terraform import myec2 i-234567

d) terraform import aws_instance.myec2 i-234567

<details>
<summary>Answer 35. :</summary>
  d: terraform aws_instance.myec2 i-234567
</details>

36. Matthew intends to make use of  2 separate AWS regions to deploy two EC2 instances. He has specified the following configuration in the providers.tf file.
````tf
Provider "aws" { region = "us-east-1" }
provider "aws" { region = "us-west-2" }
````

Running terraform plan leads to an error. How can Matthe fix the issue?

a) Use another provider version

b) use alias for region = "us-west-2"

c) Use default keyword with region = "us-east-1"

d) None of the Above

<details>
<summary>Answer 36. :</summary>
  b: Use alias for region = "us-west-2"
</details>

37. There are more than 50 providers in Terraform. How does Terraform work with the appropriate provider that the user needs while keeping the overall size of terraform binary to be minimal?

a) Terraform ships with all of the plugins embedded in the Terraform binary

b) Terraform uses a plugin architecture for providers & only installs the provider plugins required by your configuration in the configuration's working directory

c) Terraform uses a plugin architecture for providers & only installs the provider plugins required by uour configuration in a shared, system-wide plugins directory

d) Terraform uses a plugin architecture for providers & only installs the provider plugins required by uour configuration in as shared, system-wide plugins directory

<details>
<summary>Answer 37. :</summary>
  b: Terraform uses a plugin architecture for providers & only installs the provider plugins required by your configuration in the confirugation's working directory
</details>

38. Which terraform command can be used to remove the already acquired lock on the state file?

a) terraform unlock

b) terraform for-unlock

c) terraform state unlock

d) None of the above

<details>
<summary>Answer 38. :</summary>
  b: terraform force-unlock<br/<br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/force-unlock.html
</details>

39. Which one among these provides the highest verbosity of logs?

a) TF_LOG = DEBUG

b) TF_LOG = HIGHEST

c) TF_LOG = TRACE

d) TF_LOG = 1

<details>
<summary>Answer 39. :</summary>
  c: TF_LOG=TRACE
</details>

40. When terraform refresh command is run, what are the operations that happen?

a. terraform refresh command basically updates the conriguration file with the current state of the actual infrastructure

b. terraform refresh is used to change/modify the infrastructure based on the existing state file, at that moment

c. terraform refresh can be used to selectively update sections of the state file, using terraorm resource level addressing

d. terraform refresh can be used to selectively update sections of the state file, using terraform resource level addressing

e. terraform refresh syncs the state file with the real world infrastructure

<details>
<summary>Answer 40. :</summary>
  e: terraform refresh syncs the state file with the real world infrastructure
</details>

41. Following are the two terraform resources mentioned as part of a single configuration file:

````tf
resource "aws_db_instance" "default" {
  allocated_storage    = 20
  storage_type         = "gp2"
  engine               = "mysql"
}
 
resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  ami           = data.aws_ami.ubuntu.id
  instance_type = "t3.micro"
 
}
````

The RDS instance must be created before the EC2 instance as otherwise, the application deployment will fail. What is the way to achieve this?

a. Manually create an RDS resource first & then create EC2

b. Specify an explicit dependency using the depends_on attribute

c. Terraform will automatically figure out the dependency

d. This is not possible in terraform

<details>
<summary>Answer 41. :</summary>
  b: Specify an explicit dependency using the depends_on attribute
</details>

42. Which of the below commands will rename an EC2 instance without destroying and recreating it?

a. terraform mv

b. terraform state mv

c. terraform plan

d. terraform plan mv

<details>
<summary>Answer 42. :</summary>
  b: terraform state mv<br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/cli/commands/state/mv
</details>

43. Among the below options, which connection types are supported by the remote-exec provisioner? (Choose two)

a. WinRM

b. ftp

c. SMB

d. RDP

e. UDP

f. ssh

<details>
<summary>Answer 43. :</summary>
  a: WinRM<br/>
  f: ssh<br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/remote-exec.html
</details>

44. Which among the following options are considered as a terraform plugin?

a. Terraform language

b. Terraform logic

c. Terraform tooling

d. Terraform provider

<details>
<summary>Answer 44. :</summary>
  d: terraform provider
</details>

45. Matthew is making use of zipmap function and has following code:

````tf
zipmap(["a", "b"], [1, 2])
````

What will be the output?

a.
````tf
{
  a
  b
  c
  d
}
````

b.
````tf
{
  abcd
}
````

c. 
````tf
{
  "a" = 1,
  "b" = 2,
}
````

d. None of the Above

<details>
<summary>Answer 45. :</summary>
  c: <br/>{<br/> &ensp; "a" = 1, <br/> &ensp; "b" = 2,<br/>}
  <br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/functions/zipmap.html
</details>

46. Matthew has configured providers within his terraform code. 

Where will be the associated plugins for that provided be downloaded?

a. /root/plugins directory

b. /etc/terraform/pluging directory

c. .terraform/plugin directory under the same working directory

d. None of the above

<details>
<summary>Answer 46. :</summary>
  c: .terraform/plugins directory under the same working directory
</details>

47. Which command launches an interactive console?

a. terraform gui

b. terraform graphics

c. terraform console

d. None of the above

<details>
<summary>Answer 47. :</summary>
  c: terraform console
</details>

48. Can we delete the default workspace in Terraform?

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 48. :</summary>
  False<br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  Terraform starts with a single workspace named "default". This workspace is special both because it is the default and also because it cannot ever be deleted
</details>

49. Which of the following does terraform apply change after you approve the execution plan?

Choose two correct answers

a. The execution plan

b. Terraform code

c. Cloud infrastructure

d. State file

e. The .terraform directory

<details>
<summary>Answer 49. :</summary>
  c: Cloud infrastructure -- (eg: AWS console)<br/>
  d: State file
</details>

50. Which parameters does terraform import require? Choose two correct answers

a. Resource ID

b. Provider

c. Path

d. Resource address

<details>
<summary>Answer 50. :</summary>
  a: Resource ID<br/>
  d: Resource address
  <br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins>
  eg: terraform import aws_instance.example i-abcd1234
</details>

51. What are the requirements to publish and share modules within the Terraform Public Module Registry? Select 3

a. The module muste be PCI/HIPPA compliant

b. Module repositories must use this three-part name format, terraform--provider--name

c. Code must be verified with all the previous versions of Terraform to ensure backward compatibility

d. Release tag names must be for the format x.y.z, & can optionally be prefixed with a v

e. The module must be on GitHub & must be a public repo

<details>
<summary>Answer 51. :</summary>
  b: Module repositories must use this three-part name format, terraform--provider--name<br/>
  d: Release tag names must be for the format x.y.z, & can optionally be prefixed with a v<br/>
  e: The module must be on GitHub & must be a publi repo
  <br/><br/>
  <ins>Exp.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/registry/modules/publish#requirements
</details>

---

## Score
1. 29-07-2022 PM | 31/51 = 60% 
2. 30-07-2022 AM | 50/51 = 98% 
3. 01-08-2022 PM | 50/51 = 98% 
4. 03-08-2022 PM | 48/51 = 94%
5. 04-08-2022 PM | update : Σ51 -> Σ29 | 29/29 = 100%
6. 05-08-2022 PM | 27/29 = 93%
