# Q2 - Σ60

---

## Questions
1. Matthew has defined an EC2 instance with a resource "aws_instance" block.

They are planning to switch to VMware environments. Can the aws_instance block if renamed to appropriate VMware resource block resource vsphere_virtual_machine work as part of switching?

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 1. :</summary>
  False
</details>

2. Here is a sample configuration file:

````tf
resource "aws_instance" "web" {
  ami           = data.aws_ami.ubuntu.id
  instance_type = "t3.micro"
 
  tags = {
    Name = "HelloWorld"
  }
}
````

Will the data block requests that Terraform read from a given data source and export the result under the given local name

<details>
<summary>Answer 2. :</summary>
  True
</details>

3. AWS EC2 instance is created with instance type t2.micro through your terraform configuration file myec2.tf . Now instance type needs to be updated to t2.medium.

You have changed your configuration file and ran terraform plan. After running terraform plan you check the output and saw one instance will be updated from t2.micro --> t2.medium.

The next day, you decide to run terraform apply command. Between this interval, a team member manually changed the instance type to t2.medium manually from AWS.

When you run terraform apply, what can happen?

a. The instance type will be changed to t2.micro & again will be changed to t2.medium

b. 1 resource will be updated & you will see the message: Apply Complete ~ Resource: 0 added, 1 changed, 0 destroyed

c. No resource will be updated & you will see the message: Apply Complete ! Resources: 0 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed

d. terraform apply will through an error

<details>
<summary>Answer 3. :</summary>
  c: Non resource will be updated & you will see the message: Apply Complete ! Resource : 0 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed
</details>

4. Which of the following datatype is not supported in Terraform?

a. Array

b. List

c. Object

d. Map

<details>
<summary>Answer 4. :</summary>
  a: Array
</details>

5. Which value will be accepted for myvar variable?

````tf
variable "myvar" {
type = string
} 
````

a. "10"

b. 10

c. Both A & B

d. None of the Above

<details>
<summary>Answer 5. :</summary>
  c: Both A & B
</details>

6. Can multiple terraform providers be used within a single Terraform configuration file?

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 6. :</summary>
  True <br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  eg: <br/>
  provider "awws { <br/> &ensp; region = "us-east-1" <br/> } <br/> provider "aws" { <br/> &ensp; alias = "west" <br/> &ensp; region = us-west-2" <br/> }
</details>

7. Matthew is writing a terraform configuration with nested modules, there are multiple places where she has to use the same conditional expression but she wants to avoid repeating the same values or expressions multiple times in the configuration.

What is a better approach to dealing with this?

a. Expressions

b. Local Values

c. Variables

d. Functions

<details>
<summary>Answer 7. :</summary>
  b: Local values
</details>

8. In regards to Terraform state file, select all the statements below which are correct?

a. When using the local state, the state file is sotred in plain-text

b. The state file is always encrypted at rest

c. Storing the state remotely cna provider better security

d. Using the mask feature, you can instruct Terraform to mask sensitive data in the state file

e. The Terraform state can contain sensitive data, therefore the state file should be protected from unauthorized access

f. Terraform Cloud always encrypts state at rest

<details>
<summary>Answer 8. :</summary>
  a: When using the local...<br/>
  c: storing the state remotely can...<br/>
  e: the terraform state can contain sensitive data...<br/>
  f: terraform cloud always encrypts...
</details>

9. Enterprise Corp has recently started to make use of Terraform to manage production systems. The security Team has raised concerns as many sensitive data is stored in the state file and are assuming that it will not be protected.

What can be done to avoid this risk?

a. Inform the security team that using a terraform state is optional. There are ways to avoid it, & you will do the same

b. Ensure that the state is managed in a remote backend, preferably an enterprise-grade state management system like Terraform Cloud

c. Mask the confidential entries in the terraform state file, using Vault Enterprise, another Hashicorp product, while keeping it locally

d. Keep the state file locally on each developer mahine, & ensure that there is a local protection software like KeyPass protecting it

<details>
<summary>Answer 9. :</summary>
  b: Ensure that the state is managed in a remote backend...
</details>

10. In the following terraform setting, which of the following provider version that satisfies the version constraint of the AWS provider?

````tf
terraform { 
required_providers { 
   aws = "~> 1.1.0" }
}
````

a. 1.1.1

b. 1.2.4

c. 1.1.6

d. 1.2.2

<details>
<summary>Answer 10. :</summary>
  a: 1.1.1<br/>
  c: 1.1.6
</details>

11. There can be multiple tfvars file were value associated with the variables that can be stored.

Which of the following files are loaded automatically without having to specify the -var-file option?

a. terraform.tfvar

b. Any files with names ending in .auto.tfvars.json

c. terraform.tfvars

d. terraform.tfvars.json

<details>
<summary>Answer 11. :</summary>
  b: .auto.tfvars.json<br/>
  c: terraform.tfvars<br/>
  d: terraform.tfvars.json
</details>

12. Matthew has created the below child module. Without changing the module. Can she override the instance_type from t2.micro to t2.large from his code while calling this module?

````tf
resource "aws_instance" "myec2"
{
  ami = "ami-abcd123"
  instance_type = "t2.micro
}
````

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 12. :</summary>
  False
</details>

13. Every region in AWS has a different AMI ID for Linux and these are kept on changing.

What is the best approach to create the EC2 instances that can deal with different AMI IDs based on regions?

a. Use data source aws_ami

b. Create a map of the region to ami id

c. Create different configuration files for different regions

d. None of the above

<details>
<summary>Answer 13. :</summary>
  a: Use data source aws_ami
</details>

14. There are 4 environments – DEV , QA , UAT , and PROD. The application team has asked for complete segregation between these environments including the backend , state , and also configurations since there will be unique resources in different environments.

What is the approach to architect the terraform code to facilitate that

a. Implement terraform workspaces, & map each environment with one workspace

b. Completely the working directories, keep one for each environment. For each working directory, maintain a separate configuration file, variables file, map to the same backend state

c. Enanble remote backend storage. Configure 4 different backend storages, one for each environement

d. Completely separate the working directories, keep one for each environment. For each working directory, maintain a separate configuration file, variables file, & map to a different backend state

<details>
<summary>Answer 14. :</summary>
  d: Completely separate the working directories, keep one for each environment. For each working directory, maintain a separate configuration file, vairables file, & map to a different backend state
</details>

15. Do we have to rebuild the state file locally if a remote backend is removed from the configuration?

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 15. :</summary>
  False<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  You can change your backend configuration at any time. You can change both the configuration itself as well as the type of backend (for example from "consul" to "s3").<br/>
  Terraform will automatically detect any changes in your configuration and request a reinitialization. As part of the reinitialization process, Terraform will ask if you'd like to migrate your existing state to the new configuration. This allows you to easily switch from one backend to another.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/config.html#changing-configuration
</details>

16. Terraform refresh is automatically run in which of the following commands? Select 2

a. terraform state

b. terraform output

c. terraform validate

d. terraform plan

e. terraform apply

<details>
<summary>Answer 16. :</summary>
  d: terraform plan<br/>
  e: terraform apply
</details>

17. Which of the following operating system is supported by Terraform Enterprise?

a. ubuntu

b. Oracle Linux

c. Red Hat Enterprise Linux

d. CentOS

e. Amazon Linux

f. Debian

<details>
<summary>Answer 17. :</summary>
  all: ubuntu, oracle linux, red hat enterprise, CentOS, Amazon Linux, & debian
</details>

18. Which actions are performed while running a terraform initcommand? Choose 3

a. Initializes downloaded &/or installed providers

b. Initializes the backend configuration

c. Provisions the declared resources in your configuration

d. Download the declared providers which are supported by hashiCorp

<details>
<summary>Answer 18. :</summary>
  a: initializes download...<br/>
  b: initilizes the backend conf...<br/>
  d: download the declared providers...
</details>

19. Matthew wants to import a local module named database. Which among them is the right way to do that?

a. module "consul" {source = "database"}

b. module "consul" {source = "./database"}

c. module "consul" {source = "../database"}

d. module "consul" {source = "ftp:/database"}

<details>
<summary>Answer 19. :</summary>
  b: module "consul" {source = "./database"}<br/>
  c: module "consul" {source = "../database"
</details>

20. Medium Corp iis making use of an open-source version of Terraform. You have created a number of reusable modules for various components that you want to share with your team.

What is the right approach to do that?

a. Terraform modules can't be shared in the OSS version. Each developer needs to maintain its own modules & leverage them in the main tf file

b. Store your modules in a NAS/ shared file server, & ask your team members to directly reference the code form there. This is the only viable option in terraform OSS, which is better than individually maintaining module versions for every developer

c. Terraform module sharing is only available in the Enterprise version via the terrform privte module registry, so no way to enable it in the OSS version

d. Upload your modules with proper versioning in the terraform module registry. Terraform OSS is directly integrated with the public module registry & can reference the module form the code in the main tf file

<details>
<summary>Answer 20. :</summary>
  d: upload your modules with proper wersioning in the terraform module registry. terraform oss is directly integrated with public module registry & cna reference the modules from the code in the main tf file
</details>

21. By making use of a provider-agnostic infrastructure-as-code tool provides which benefits?

a. DevOps teams only need to learn & manage a single tool to mange infrastructure, regardless of where the infrastructure is deployed

b. Increased risk due to all infrastructure relying on a single tool for management

c. They can be used across major cloud providers & VM hypervisiors

d. Slower provisioning speed allows the operations team to catch mistakes before they are applied

<details>
<summary>Answer 21. :</summary>
  a: devOps teams only need to learn & manage a single tool to manage...<br/>
  c: they can used across major cloud providers & vm hypervisiors
</details>

22. Which of the following features that are exclusive to Terraform Enterprise product. (Choose Three)

a. SAML/SSO

b. Cost Estimation

c. Firewall rules

d. Clustering

e. Sentinel

f. Audit Logs

<details>
<summary>Answer 22. :</summary>
  a: SAML/SSO<br/>
  d:  clustering<br/>
  f: audit logs
</details>

23. Matthewis a DevOps engineer and he has deployed the production infrastructure using Terraform.

He is using a very large configuration file to maintain and update the actual infrastructure.

As the infrastructure has grown to a very complex and large, he has started experiencing slowness when he run runs terraform plan.

What are the options for him to resolve this slowness?

a. Break large configurations into several smaller configurations that can each be indepently applied

b. Run terraform refresh every time before running terraform plan

c. Use-refresh=falsee flag as well as the -target flag with terraform plan in order to work around this

d. use -refrsh=true flag as well as the -target flag with terraform plan in order to work around this

<details>
<summary>Answer 23. :</summary>
  a: break large configurations into several smaller configurations that can each be independently applied<br/>
  c: use -refresh=false flag as well as the -target flag with terraform plan in order to work aournd this
</details>

24. Among the following, which backends support state locking?

a. S3

b. artifactory

c. azurerm

d. consul

e. AD

<details>
<summary>Answer 24. :</summary>
  a: s3<br/>
  c: azurerm<br/>
  d: consul
</details>

25. A list(...) contains a number of values of the same type while an object(...) can contain a number of values of different types.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 25. :</summary>
  True<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/language/expressions/type-constraints#structural-types
</details>

26. The following resource is considered as which type of terraform configuration?

````tf
terraform {
  backend "consul" {}
}
````

a. First Time Configuration

b. Default Configuration

c. Changing Configuration

d. Partial Configuration

e. Incomplete Configuration

<details>
<summary>Answer 26. :</summary>
  d: partial configuration
</details>

27. How can we change this default behavior within a provisioned so that if provisioned fails, terraform apply should not fail.

a. 
````tf
provisioner "local-exec" {
  on_failure = "next"
}
````

b. 
````tf
provisioner "local-exec" {
  when = "next"
}
````

c. 
````tf
provisioner "local-exec" {
  on_failure = "continue"
}
````

d. 
````tf
provisioner "local-exec" {
  on_failure = continue
}
````

<details>
<summary>Answer 27. :</summary>
  d: provisioner "local-exec" {<br/> &ensp; on_failure = continue }
</details>

28. Which one of these are some of the requirements for publishing a module in the Terraform registry?

a. The registry uses tags to identify module versions. Release tag names must be a semantic version, which can optionally be prefixed with a v. For example, v1.0.4 & 0.9.2

b. The module must be scanned with anti-virus & anti-malware systems

c. Module repositories must use this three-part name format that is terraform-<PROVIDER>-<NAME>
  
d. The mosule must be on GitHub & must be public repo
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 28. :</summary>
  a: the registry uses tags to identify module version. Release tag names must be a semantic version, whic...<br/>
  c: module repositories must uses this three-part name forma that is terraform-<provider>-<name><br/>
  d: the must must be on gitHub & must be a public repo<br/<br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  
</details>
  
29. Which among these describes the list type in Terraform?
  
a. a collection of values where each is identified by a string label
  
b. a sequence of values identified by consecutive whole numbers starting with zero
  
c. a collection of named attributes that each have their own type
  
d. None of the Above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 29. :</summary>
  b: a sequence of values identified by consecutive whole numbers starting with zero<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/types.html
</details>
  
30. Terraform can download the community provides automatically on terraform init
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 30. :</summary>
  True
</details>
  
31. Terraform Enterprise supports which datastore for deployments?
  
a. DynamoDB
  
b. Flat database
  
c. PostgreSQL
  
d. MySQL
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 31. :</summary>
  c: PostgreSQL<br/<br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/enterprise/before-installing/index.html
</details>
  
32. Which among these are the supported VCS Provider for Terraform?
  
a. GitHub.com
  
b. Bitbucket cloud
  
c. Azure DevOps Server
  
d. Azure DevOps Services
  
e. ECR Git Server
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 32. :</summary>
  a: GitHub.com<br/>
  b: Bitbucket Cloud<br/>
  c: Azure DevOps Server<br/>
  d: Azure DevOps service<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/vcs/index.html
</details>
  
33. Which one among these are supported syntax for comments in terraform?
  
a. <*>
  
b. #
  
c. /* & */
  
d. //
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 33. :</summary>
  b: #<br/>
  c: /* & */<br/>
  d: //
</details>
  
34. Which among the following files must be ignored when committing to Git?
  
a. resources.tf
  
b. variables.tf
  
c. terraform.tfvars
  
d. terraform.tfstate
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 34. :</summary>
  c: terraform.tfvars<br/>
  d: terraform.tfstate
</details>
  
35. Before a new provider is used, the following action needs to be performed?
  
a. It must be available in the module registry
  
b. It must be approved by HashiCorp Team
  
c. It must be initialized
  
d. It must be declared within the terraform configuration
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 35. :</summary>
  c: it must be initialized<br/>
  d: it must be declared within the terraform configuration
</details>
  
36. What are the advantages of Terraform as Infrastructure as Code technology (choose 3)
  
a. Operator Confidence
  
b. Multi-Language Support
  
c. Platform Agnostic
  
d. State Management
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 36. :</summary>
  a: operator confidence<br/>
  c: platform agnostic<br/>
  d: state management<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  While many of the current tools for infrastructure as code may work in your environment, Terraform aims to have a few advantages for operators and organizations of any size.<br/>
  https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/infrastructure-as-code
</details>
  
37. Which of the following is a mandatory thing before running terraform import?
  
a. It is necessary to run terraform refresh command so that existing resources will be updated automatically in state file
  
b. It is necessary to write a resource configuration block for the resource manually, to which the imported object will be attached
  
c. It is necessary to run terraform plan before running terraform import
  
d. None of the above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 37. :</summary>
  b: it's necessary to write a resource configuration block for the resource manually, to which the imported object will be attached<br/<br/>
  <ins>Expl</ins><br/>
  Because of this, prior to running terraform import it is necessary to write manually a resource configuration block for the resource, to which the imported object will be mapped.
</details>
  
38. Terraform parallelism allows us to limit the number of concurrent operation as Terraform

By default, how many resources will Terraform provision concurrently?
  
a. 5
  
b. 10
  
c. 15
  
d. 20
  
e. 50
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 38. :</summary>
  b: 10
</details>
  
39. Which among these is the correct syntax to configure an S3 specific backend in terraform?
  
a. terraform {"s3" backend {#(backend-specific settings...)}}
  
b. terraform {backend "s3" {#(backend-specific settings...)}}
  
c. terraform {aws "s3" {#(backend-specific settings...)}}
  
d. terraform {"s3" aws{#(backend-specific settings...)}}
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 39. :</summary>
  b: terraform {backend "s3" {#(backend-specific settings...)}}<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl</ins><br/>
  terraform { <br/> &ensp; backend "s3" { <br/> &ensp;&ensp; bucket = "mybucket" <br/> &ensp;&ensp; key = "path/to/my/key" <br/> &ensp;&nsp; region = "us-east-1" <br/> &ensp; } <br/> }<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/types/s3.html
</details>
  
40. How many spaces does Terraform recommend for each nesting level?

a. 1
  
b. 2
  
c. 3
  
d. 4
  
e. 5
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 40. :</summary>
  b: 2<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  indent two spaces for each nesting level <br/>
  ami = "abc123"<br/>
  instance_type = "t2.micro"<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/style.html
</details>
  
41. What are the two CLI configuration files in Terraform? [Choose 2]
  
a. terraform.state
  
b. terraform.state.backup
  
c. .terraformrc
  
d. terraform.rc
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 41. :</summary>
  c: .terraformrc<br/>
  d: terraform.rc<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/cli-config.html
</details>
  
42. How can we inspect the current state of the infrastructure applied?
  
a. terraform select
  
b. terraform show
  
c. terraform state list
  
d. None of the Above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 42. :</summary>
  b: terraform show<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/show.html
</details>
  
43. Which command allows us to download and update the modules mentioned in the root module.
  
a. terraform fetch
  
b. terraform download
  
c. terraform get 
  
d. None of the Above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 43. :</summary>
  c: terraform get<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/cli/commands/get
</details>
  
44. What is the flag can be used to upgrade modules and plugins a part of their respective installation steps?
  
a. terraform --upgrade init
  
b. terraform init upgrade = "true"
  
c. terraform init -upgrade
  
d. None of the Above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 44. :</summary>
  c: terraform init -upgrade<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/init.html
</details>
  
45. Which is the correct approach to call a child module?
  
a. 
````tf
module "server" {
  sources = "./app-cluster
  
  server = 5
}
````
  
b. 
````tf
module "servers" {
  source = "./app-cluster
  
  servers = 5
}
````
  
c. 
````tf
modules "servers" {
  source = "./app-cluster  "
  
  servers = 5
}
````
  
d. None of the Above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 45. :</summary>
  b: mdoule "servers" { <br/> &ensp; source = "./app-cluster"<br/><br/> &ensp; servers = 5 <br/> }<br/<br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/blocks/modules/syntax.html
</details>
  
46. Does S3 Backend support encryption at rest functionality if enabled?
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 46. :</summary>
  True<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  encrypt - (Optional) Enable server-side encryption of the state file.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/backends/types/s3.html
</details>
  
47. Order below terraform simple workflow steps in the correct order?
  
````md
1. Initialize – Run terraform init in the project directory with the configuration files. This will download the correct provider plug-ins for the project.
  
2. Scope – Confirm what resources need to be created for a given project.
  
3. Author – Create the configuration file in HCL based on the scoped parameters
  
4. Plan & Apply – Run terraform plan to verify creation process and then terraform apply to create real resources as well as state file that compares future changes in your configuration files to what actually exists in your deployment environment.
````
  
a. workflow order: 1-2-3-4
  
b. workflow order: 2-3-1-4
  
c. workflow order: 1-3-2-4
  
d. workflow order: 3-2-1-4
  
e. None of the above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 47. :</summary>
  b: workflow order: 2-3-1-4
</details>
  
48. terraform provider versions and CLI versions are independent of each other
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 48. :</summary>
  True
</details>
  
49. Tainting a resource can affect the resource that depends on the current tainted resource?
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 49. :</summary>
  true
</details>
  
50. Which among these is a correct approach to define an AWS provider?
  
a. 
````tf
providers "aws" {
  region = "ap-south-1"  
}
````
  
b. 
````tf
provider "aws" {
  region = "ap-south-1"  
}
````
  
c. 
````tf
providers "aws" {
  regions = "ap-south-1"  
}
````
  
d. None of the above
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 50. :</summary>
  b: provider "aws" { <br/> &ensp; region = "ap-south-1" <br/> }
</details>
  
51. When using the Terraform provider for Vault, the tight integration between these HashiCorp tools provides the ability to mask secrets in the terraform plan and state files.
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 51. :</summary>
  false<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  As of now, there is no mechanism to protect secrets in Terraform.
</details>
  
52. Which of the below Terraform features are exclusively available on Terraform Enterprise?
  
a. Clustering
  
b. Terraform Functions
  
c. SSO
  
d. Terraform Variables
  
e. Audit Logging
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 52. :</summary>
  a: clustering<br/>
  c: SSO<br/>
  e: audit logging
</details>
  
53. Terraform Cloud is more powerful when you integrate it with your version control system (VCS) provider.

Select all the supported VCS providers from the answers below. (select four)
  
a. s3
  
b. GitHub
  
c. Azure DevOps Server
  
d. GitHub Enterprise
  
e. Bitbucket
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 53. :</summary>
  b: github <br/>
  c: azure devOps server<br/>
  d: github enterprise<br/>
  e: bitbucket
</details>
  
54. Anyone can publish and share modules on the Terraform Public Module Registry, and meeting the requirements for publishing a module is extremely easy.

Select from the following list all valid requirements. (select three)
  
a. The module must be PCI/HIPPA compliant
  
b. Module repositories must use this three-part name format, terraform--.
  
c. The registry uses tags to identify module versions
  
d. The mudule must be on GitHub & must be a public repo
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 54. :</summary>
  b: module repositories must use this tree-part name ofrmat, terraform--<br/>
  c: the registry uses tags to identify module versions<br/>
  d: the module must be on gitHub & must be a public repo<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/registry/modules/publish.html#requirements
</details>
  
55. Select all Operating Systems that Terraform is available for. (select five)
  
a. Linux
  
b. mac OS
  
c. Unix
  
d. Solaris
  
e. FreeBSD
  
f. Windows
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 55. :</summary>
  a: linux<br/>
  b: macOS<br/>
  d: Solaris<br/>
  e: freeBSD<br/>
  f: windows
</details>
  
56. Provider dependencies are created in several different ways.

Select the valid provider dependencies from the following list: (select three)
  
a. Explicit use of a provider block in configuration, optionally including a version constraint
  
b. Use of any resource belonging to a particular provider in a resource or data block in configuration
  
c. Existence of any resource instance belonging to a particular provider in the current state
  
d. Existence of any provider plugins found locally in the working directory
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 56. :</summary>
  a: Explicit use of a provider block in configuration, optionally including a version constraint<br/>
  b: used of any resource belonging to a particular provider in a resource or data block in configuration<br/>
  c: existence of any resource instance belonging to a particular provider in the current state<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The existence of a provider plugin found locally in the working directory does not itself create a provider dependency
</details>
  
57. Select the operating systems which are supported for a clustered Terraform Enterprise: (select four)
  
a. Unix
  
b. Red Hat
  
c. CentOS
  
d. Amazon Linux
  
e. Ubuntu
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 57. :</summary>
  b: redhat<br/>
  c: centOS<br/>
  d: Amazon linux<br/>
  e: ubuntu<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/enterprise/before-installing/index.html#operating-systemrequirements
</details>
  
58. What are the ways in which certain data like secrets can be omitted so they are not shared with others?
  
a. directly querying HashiCorp Vault for the secrets
  
b. command-line key/value pairs
  
c. use the -backend-config=PATH to specify a separate config file
  
d. interactively on the command line
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 58. :</summary>
  b: command-line key/value pairs<br/>
  c: use the -backend-config=PATH to specify a separate config file<br/>
  d: interactively on the command line<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/settings/backends/index.html#backend-initialization
</details>
  
59. Before a new provider can be used, it must be? (Select two)
  
a. approved by HashiCorp
  
b. uploaded to source control
  
c. declared in the configuration
  
d. initialized
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 59. :</summary>
  c: declared in the configuration<br/>
  d: initialized
</details>
  
60. When using constraint expressions to signify a version of a provider, which of the following are valid provider versions that satisfy the expression found in the following code snippet: (select two)
  
````tf
terraform  { 
   required_providers { 
   aws = "~> 1.4.0" 
  } 
}
````
  
a. 1.4.9
  
b. 1.3.9
  
c. 1.3
  
d. 1.4.2
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 60. :</summary>
  a: 1.4.9<br/>
  d: 1.4.2
</details>
  
---
  
## Score
1. 30-07-2022 PM | 29/60 = 48%
2. 01-08-2022 AM | 58/60 = 96%
