# Q3 - Σ57

---

## Questions
1. A user has created three workspaces using the command line - prod, dev, and test. The user wants to create a fourth workspace named stage. Which command will the user execute to accomplish this?

a. terraform workspace -new stage

b. terraform workspace create stage

c. terraform workspace new stage

d. terraform workspace -create state

<details>
<summary>Answer 1. :</summary>
  False
</details>

2. Terraform has detailed logs which can be enabled by setting the _________ environmental variable.

a. TF_DEBUG

b. TF_INFO

c. TF_TRACE

d.: TF_LOG

<details>
<summary>Answer 2. :</summary>
  False
</details>

3. Complete the following sentence:

The terraform state command and subcommands can be used to ___________.

a. modify the current state, such as removing items

b. there is no such command

c. refresh the existing state

d. create a new stae file

<details>
<summary>Answer 3. :</summary>
  False
</details>

4. Provider dependencies are created in several different ways. Select the valid provider dependencies from the following list: (select three)

a. Existence of any provider plugins found locally in the working directory

b. Existence of any resource instance belonging to a particular provider in the current state

c. Explicit use of a provider block in configuration, optionally including a version constraint

d. Use of any resource belonging to a particular provider in a resource or data block in the configuration

<details>
<summary>Answer 4. :</summary>
  False
</details>

5. Oscar is modifying his Terraform configuration file but isn't 100% sure it's correct. He is afraid that changes made could negatively affect production workloads. How can Oscar validate the changes that will be made without impacting existing workloads?

a. run a terraform validate to ensure the changes won't impact the production workloads

b. run terraform apply using a local-exec provisioner so the configuration won't impact existing workloads

c. run a terraform plan & validate the changes that will be made

d. run terraform refresh to compare his existing configuration file against the curre one

<details>
<summary>Answer 5. :</summary>
  False
</details>

6. Terraform Cloud is more powerful when you integrate it with your version control system (VCS) provider. Select all the supported VCS providers from the answers below. (select four)

a. Azure DevOps Server

b. Bitbucket Cloud

c. GitHub.com

d. CVS version Control

e. GitHub Enterprise

<details>
<summary>Answer 6. :</summary>
  False
</details>

7. When writing Terraform code, HashiCorp recommends that you use how many spaces between each nesting level?

a. 1

b. 5

c. 2

d. 4

<details>
<summary>Answer 7. :</summary>
  False
</details>

8. True or False? The terraform apply -refresh-only command is used to reconcile the state Terraform knows about (via its state file) with the real-world infrastructure. If drift is detected between the real-world infrastructure and the last known-state, it will modify the infrastructure to correct the drift.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 8. :</summary>
  False
</details>

9. When multiple arguments with single-line values appear on consecutive lines at the same nesting level, HashiCorp recommends that you:

a. place all arguments using a variable at the top
````tf
ami = var.aws_ami
instance_type = var.instance_size
subnet_id = "subnet-0bb1c79de3EXAMPLE"
tags = {
  Name = "HelloWorld
}
````

b. place a space in between each line
````tf
type = "A"

ttl = "300"

zone_ide = aws_route53_zone.primary.zone_id
````

c. align the equals signs
````tf
ami           = "abc123"
instance_type = "t2.micro"
````

d. put arguments in alphabetical order
````tf
name "www.example.com"
records = [aws_eip.lb.public_ip]
type = "A"
ttl = "300"
zone_id = aws_route53_zone.primary.zone_id
````

<details>
<summary>Answer 9. :</summary>
  False
</details>

10. Terraform is distributed as a single binary and available for many different platforms. Select all Operating Systems that Terraform is available for. (select five)

a. Linux

b. AIX

c. macOS

d. Solaris

e. Windows

f. FreeBSD

<details>
<summary>Answer 10. :</summary>
  False
</details>

11. Harry has deployed resources on Azure for his organization using Terraform. However, he has discovered that his co-workers Ron and Ginny have manually created a few resources using the Azure console. Since it's company policy to manage production workloads using IaC, how can Harry start managing these resources in Terraform without negatively impacting the availability of the deployed resources?

a. resource created outside of Terraform can't be managed by Terraform

b. use terraform import to import the existing resource under Terraform management

c. run a terraform get to retrieve other resources that ar not under Terraform management

d. rewrite the Terraform configuration file to deploy new resources, run a terraform apply, & migrate users to the newly deployed resources. Manually delete to the other resources created by Ron & Ginny

<details>
<summary>Answer 11. :</summary>
  False
</details>

12. When using providers that require the retrieval of data, such as the HashiCorp Vault provider, in what phase does Terraform actually retrieve the data required, assuming you are following the standard workflow of write, plan, and apply?

a. terraform init

b. terraform apply

c. terraform plan

d. terraform destroy

<details>
<summary>Answer 12. :</summary>
  False
</details>

13. Freddy and his co-worker Jason are deploying resources in GCP using Terraform for their team. After resources have been deployed, they need to destroy the cloud-based resources to save on costs. However, two other team members, Michael and Chucky, are using a Cloud SQL instance for testing and are asking to keep it running.

How can Freddy and Jason easily destroy all other resources without negatively impacting the database?

a. take a snapshot of the db, run a terraform destroy, & then recreate the db in the GCP console by restoring the snapshot

b. run a terraform destroy, modify the configuration file to include only the Cloud SQL resource, & then run a terraform apply

c. delete the entire state file using the terraform state rm command & manually delete other resource in GCP

d. run a terraform state rm command to remove the Cloud SQL instance form Terraform managment before running the terraform destroy command

<details>
<summary>Answer 13. :</summary>
  False
</details>

14. A user runs terraform init on their RHEL based server and per the output, two provider plugins are downloaded:

````tf
$ terraform init
 
Initializing the backend...
 
Initializing provider plugins...
- Checking for available provider plugins...
- Downloading plugin for provider "aws" (hashicorp/aws) 2.44.0...
- Downloading plugin for provider "random" (hashicorp/random) 2.2.1...
 
Terraform has been successfully initialized!
````

Where are these plugins downloaded and stored on the server?

a. The .terraform/providers directory in the current working directory

b. The .terraform.d directory in the current working directory

c. The .terraform.plugins directory in the current working directory

d. /etc/terraofmr/plugins

<details>
<summary>Answer 14. :</summary>
  False
</details>

15. What feature of Terraform Cloud and/or Terraform Enterprise allows you to publish and maintain a set of custom modules which can be used within your organization?

a. Terraform registry

b. remote runs

c. custom VCS integration

d. privte module registry

<details>
<summary>Answer 15. :</summary>
  False
</details>

16. Sara has her entire application automated using Terraform, but she now needs to start including more infrastructure pieces, such as creating a new subnet, DNS record, and load balancer. Like the Terraform pro she is, Sara requires that these new resources be created within modules so she can easily reuse the code later. However, Sara is having problems getting the subnet_id from the subnet module to pass to the load balancer module. What could fix this problem?

a. move the subnet & load balancer resource into the main configuration file so they can easily be referenced

b. publish the module to a Terraform registry first

c. references to resources in a module can't be used within other modules

d. add an output that references the subnet module & retrieve the value using module.subnet.subnet_id in the load baslancer module

<details>
<summary>Answer 16. :</summary>
  False
</details>

17. Which of the following is an invalid variable name?

a. instance_name

b. web

c. count

d. var1

<details>
<summary>Answer 17. :</summary>
  False
</details>

18. True or False? Rather than use state, Terraform can inspect cloud resources on every run.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 18. :</summary>
  False
</details>

19. When you add a new module to a configuration, Terraform must download the module before it can be used. What two commands can be used to download and update modules? (select two)

a. terraform init

b. terraform get

c. terraform plan

d. terraform refresh

<details>
<summary>Answer 19. :</summary>
  False
</details>

20. From the code below, identify the implicit dependency:

````tf
resource "aws_eip" "public_ip" {
    vpc = true
    instance = aws_instance.web_server.id
}
 
resource "aws_instance" "web_server" {
  ami           = "ami-2757f631"
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
  depends_on = [aws_s3_bucket.company_data]
}
````

a. The EIP with & id of ami-2757f631

b. The EC2 instance labeled web_server

c. The S3 bucket labeled company_data

d. The AMI used for the EC2 instance

<details>
<summary>Answer 20. :</summary>
  False
</details>

21. Choose the correct answer which fixes the syntax of the following Terraform code:

````tf
resource "aws_security_group" "vault_elb" {
  name        = "${var.name_prefix}-vault-elb"
  description = Vault ELB
  vpc_id      = var.vpc_id
}
````

a. 
````tf
resource "aws_security_group" "vault_elb" {
  name = "${var.nam_prefix}-vault-elb"
  description = var.Vault ELB
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id
}
````

b.
````tf
resource "aws_security_groupp" "vault_elb" {
  name = "${var.name_prefix}-vault-elb"
  description = "Vault ELB"
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id
}
````

c.
````tf
resource "aws_security_group" "vault_elb" {
  name = "${var.name_prefix}-vault-elb"
  description = "${Varlt ELB}"
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id
}
````

d.
````tf
resource "aws_security_group" "vaul_elb" {
  name = "${var.name_prefix}-vault-elb"
  description [Vault ELB]
  vpc_id = var.vpc_id
}
````

<details>
<summary>Answer 21. :</summary>
  False
</details>
