# Q4 - Σ57

---

## Questions
1. What Terraform command can be used to inspect the current state file?
````tf
# aws_instance.example:
resource "aws_instance" "example {
  ami                         = "ami-2757f631"
  arn                         = "arn:aws:ec2:us-east-1:130490850807:instance/i-0
  associate_public_ip_address = true
  availability_zone           = "us-east-1c"
  cpu_core_count              = 1
  cpu_threads_per_core        = 1
  disable_api_termination     = false
  ebs_optimized               = false
  get_passoword_data          = false
  id                          = "i-00bbf06244e44211d1"
  instance_state              = "running"
  instance_type               = "t2.micro"
}
````

a. terraform show

b. terraform inspect

c. terraform read

d. terraform state

<details>
<summary>Answer 1. :</summary>
  a: terraform show
</details>

2. Which of the following represents a feature of Terraform Cloud that is NOT free to customers?

a. team management & governance

b. workspace management

c. VCS integration

d. private module registry

<details>
<summary>Answer 2. :</summary>
  a: team management & governance<br/><br/>
  https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing - starting at $20/user 
</details>

3. In regards to Terraform state file, select all the statements below which are correct: (select four)

a. when using local state, the state file is stored in plain-text

b. the state file is always encrypted at rest

c. using the mask feature, you can instruct Terraform to mask sensitive data in the state file

d. storing state remotely can provide better security

e. the Terraform state can contain sensitive data, therefore the state file should be proctected from unauthorized acces

f. Terraform Cloud always encrypts state at rest

<details>
<summary>Answer 3. :</summary>
  a: when using local state, the ...<br/>
  d: storing state remotely can provide...<br/>
  e: the terraform state can contain sensitive data...<br/>
  f: terraform cloud always encrypts...
</details>

4. Which of the following Terraform files should be ignored by Git when committing code to a repo? (select two)

a. variables.tf

b. terraform.tfvars

c. output.tf

d. terraform.tfstate

<details>
<summary>Answer 4. :</summary>
  b: terraform.tfvars<br/>
  d: terraform.tfstate
</details>

5. You want to use terraform import to start managing infrastructure that was not originally provisioned through infrastructure as code. Before you can import the resource's current state, what must you do in order to prepare to manage these resources using Terraform?

a. run `terraform apply -refresh-only` to ensure that the state file has the latest information for existing resources

b. update the configuration file to include the new resources

c. modify the Terraform state file to add the new resources

d. shut down or stop uisng the resources being imported so no changes are inadvertently missed

<details>
<summary>Answer 5. :</summary>
  b: update the configuration file to include the new resources
</details>

6. When multiple engineers start deploying infrastructure using the same state file, what is a feature of remote state storage that is critical to ensure the state does not become corrupt?

a. workspaces

b. object storage

c. state locking

d. encryption

<details>
<summary>Answer 6. :</summary>
  c: state locking
</details>

7. True or False? Provisioners should only be used as a last resort.

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 7. :</summary>
  True<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Provisioners are used to execute scripts on a local or remote machine as part of resource creation or destruction. Provisioners can be used to bootstrap a resource, cleanup before destroy, run configuration management, etc. Even if the functionality you need is not available in a provider today, HashiCorp suggests that you consider local-exec usage as a temporary workaround and to open an issue in the relevant provider's repo to discuss adding first-class support.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/#provisioners-are-a-last-resort
</details>

8. What are some of the features of Terraform state? (select three)

a. determining the correct order to destroy resources

b. mapping configuration to real-world resources

c. inspection of cloud resources

d. increased performance

<details>
<summary>Answer 8. :</summary>
  a: determining the correct order to destroy resources<br/>
  b: mapping configuration to real-world resources<br/>
  d: increased performance<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/language/state/purpose#purpose-of-terraform-state
</details>

9. Given the Terraform configuration below, which order will the resources be created?
````tf
resource "aws_instance" "web_server" {
    ami = "i-abdce12345"
    instance_type = "t2.micro"
}
 
resource "aws_eip" "web_server_ip" { 
    vpc = true 
    instance = aws_instance.web_server.id 
}
````

a. `aws_eip` will be created first
`aws_instance` will be created second

b. `aws_instance` will be created first
`aws_eip` will be created second

c. no resources will be created

d. resources will be created in parallel

<details>
<summary>Answer 9. :</summary>
  b: aws_instance will be created first<br/>aws_eip will be created second<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The aws_instance will be created first, and then aws_eip will be created second due to the aws_eip's resource dependency of the aws_instance id<br/>
  https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/dependencies
</details>

10. True or False? You can migrate the Terraform backend but only if there are no resources currently being managed.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 10. :</summary>
  False
</details>

11. After executing a terraform plan, you notice that a resource has a tilde (~) next to it. What does this mean?

a. the resource will be updated in place

b. the resource will be destroyed & recreated

c. the resource will be created

d. Terraform can't determine how to proceed due to a problem with the state file

<details>
<summary>Answer 11. :</summary>
  a: the resource will be updated in place
</details>

12. Terry is using a module to deploy some EC2 instances on AWS for a new project. He is viewing the code that is calling the module for deployment, which is shown below. Where is the value of the security group originating?
````tf
odule "ec2_instances" {
  source  = "terraform-aws-modules/ec2-instance/aws"
  version = "2.12.0"
 
  name           = "my-ec2-cluster"
  instance_count = 2
 
  ami                    = "ami-0c5204531f799e0c6"
  instance_type          = "t2.micro"
  vpc_security_group_ids = [module.vpc.default_security_group_id]
  subnet_id              = module.vpc.public_subnets[0]
 
  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
````

a. the output of another module

b. from a variable likely declared in a .tfvars file being passed to another module

c. the Terraform public module registry

d. an environment variable being using during a `terraform apply`

<details>
<summary>Answer 12. :</summary>
  a: the output of another module<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  In this example, the module is looking for an output of a second module, called VPC. A great tutorial to look at this workflow can be found on the HashiCorp Learn site <br/>
  https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/module-use
</details>

13. Which Terraform command will force a resource to be destroyed and recreated even if there are no configuration changes that would require it?

a. terraform fmt

b. terraform destroy

c. terraform apply -replace=<address>
  
d. terraform apply -refresh-on
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 13. :</summary>
  c: terraform apply -replace=<address>
</details>
  
14. HashiCorp offers multiple versions of Terraform, including Terraform open-source, Terraform Cloud, and Terraform Enterprise. Which of the following Terraform feature is only available in the Enterprise edition? (select one)
  
a. Locally managed installation
  
b. SAML/SSO
  
c. Private Network Connectivity
  
d. Audit Logs
  
e: Private Module Registry
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 14. :</summary>
  a: locally managed installation<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  https://www.datocms-assets.com/2885/1602500234-terraform-full-feature-pricing-tablev2-1.pdf<br/>
   Private Network Connectivity is available for Terraform Enterprise since it is installed locally in your data center or cloud environment. However, it is also available in Terraform Cloud for Business since you can use a self-hosted agent to communicate with local/private hosts in your environment.<br/>
  Private Module Registry is available in every version of Terraform except for Open-Source. Therefore it is NOT exclusive to Terraform Enterprise<br/>
  Locally hosted installation is available for Terraform Enterprise, but technically you install Terraform open-source on your local machine or server, therefore it is NOT exclusive to Terraform Enterprise
</details>
  
15. What are the benefits of using Infrastructure as Code? (select five)
  
a. Infrastructure as Code is easily repeatable, allowing the user to reuse code to deploy similar, yet different resources
  
b. Infrastructure as Code provides configuration consistency & standardization amoung deployments
  
c. IaC is relatively simple to learn & write, regardless of a user's prior experience with developing code
  
d. IaC easily replaces development languages such as Go & .Net for application development
  
e. IaC allows a user to turn a manual task into a simple, automated deployment
  
f. IaC gives the user the ability to recreate an application's infrastructure for disaster recovery scenarios
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 15. :</summary>
  a: IaC is easily repeatable...<br/>
  b: IaC provides configuration...<br/>
  c: IaC is relatively simple...<br/>
  e: IaC allows a user to turn...<br/>
  f: IaC gives the user the ability
</details>
  
16. What Terraform feature is shown in the example below?
````tf
resource "aws_security_group" "example" {
  name = "sg-app-web-01"
 
  dynamic "ingress" {
    for_each = var.service_ports
    content {
      from_port = ingress.value
      to_port   = ingress.value
      protocol  = "tcp"
    }
  }
}
````
  
a. conditional expression
  
b. data source
  
c. dynamic block 
  
d. local values
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 16. :</summary>
  c: dynamic block
</details>
  
17. By default, where does Terraform OSS/CLI store its state file?
  
a. current working directory
  
b. shared directory
  
c. Amazon S3 bucket
  
d. remotely using Terraform Cloud
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 17. :</summary>
  a: current working directory
</details>
  
18. True or False? State is a requirement for Terraform to function.

a. False
  
b. True
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 18. :</summary>
  True<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Terraform requires some sort of database to map Terraform config to the real world. When you have a resource in your configuration, Terraform uses this map to know how that resource is represented. Therefore, to map configuration to resources in the real world, Terraform uses its own state structure<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/purpose.html
</details>
  
19. When configuring a remote backend in Terraform, it might be a good idea to purposely omit some of the required arguments to ensure secrets and other relevant data are not inadvertently shared with others. What are the ways the remaining configuration can be added to Terraform so it can initialize and communicate with the backend? (select three)
  
a. directly querying HashiCorp Vault for the secrets
  
b. interactevely on the command line
  
c. command-line key/value pairs
  
d. use the -backend-config=PATH to specify a separate config file
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 19. :</summary>
  b: interactively on the command line<br/>
  c: command-line key/value pairs<br/>
  d: use the -backend-config=PATH to specify a separete config file<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  You do not need to specify every required argument in the backend configuration. Omitting certain arguments may be desirable to avoid storing secrets, such as access keys, within the main configuration. When some or all of the arguments are omitted, we call this a partial configuration.<br/>
  With a partial configuration, the remaining configuration arguments must be provided as part of the initialization process. There are several ways to supply the remaining arguments:<br/>
  Interactively: Terraform will interactively ask you for the required values unless interactive input is disabled. Terraform will not prompt for optional values.<br/>
  File: A configuration file may be specified via the init command line. To specify a file, use the -backend-config=PATH option when running terraform init. If the file contains secrets it may be kept in a secure data store, such as Vault, in which case it must be downloaded to the local disk before running Terraform.<br/>
  Command-line key/value pairs: Key/value pairs can be specified via the init command line. Note that many shells retain command-line flags in a history file, so this isn't recommended for secrets. To specify a single key/value pair, use the -backend-config="KEY=VALUE" option when running terraform init.
</details>
  
20. Your organization has moved to AWS and has manually deployed infrastructure using the console. Recently, a decision has been made to standardize on Terraform for all deployments moving forward.

What can you do to ensure that the existing resources are managed by Terraform moving forward without causing interruption to existing resources?
  
a. resources that are manually deployed in the AWS console can't be imported by Terraform
  
b. using `terraform import`, import the existing infrastructure into your Terraform state
  
c. delete the existing resources & recreate them using new a Terraform configuration so Terraform can manage them moving forward
  
d. submit a ticket to AWS & ask them to export the state of all existing resources & use `terraform import` to import them into the state file
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 20. :</summary>
  b: using terraform import, import the existing infrastructure into your Terraform state
</details>
  
21. When using modules to deploy infrastructure, how would you export a value from one module to import into another module?

For example, a module dynamically deploys an application instance or virtual machine, and you need the IP address in another module to configure a related DNS record in order to reach the newly deployed application.

a. export the value using `terraform export` & input the value using `terraform input`
  
b. configure the pertinent provider's configuration with a list of possible IP addresses to use
  
c. configure an output value in the application module in order to use that value for the DNS module
  
d. preconfigure the IP address as a parameter in the DNS module
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 21. :</summary>
  c: configure an output value in the application ...
</details>
  
22. Select the answer below that completes the following statement:

Terraform Cloud can be managed from the CLI but requires __________?
  
a. authentication using MFA
  
b. an API token
  
c. a username & pwd
  
d. a TOTP token
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 22. :</summary>
  b: an API token<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  API and CLI access are managed with API tokens, which can be generated in the Terraform Cloud UI. Each user can generate any number of personal API tokens, which allow access with their own identity and permissions. Organizations and teams can also generate tokens for automating tasks that aren't tied to an individual user.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.html
</details>
  
23. What does the command terraform fmt do?
  
a. formats the state file in order to ensure the latest state of resources can be obtained
  
b. updates the font of the configuration file to the official font supported by HashiCorp
  
c. deletes the existing configuration file
  
d. rewrite Terraform configuration files to a canonical format & style
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 23. :</summary>
  d: rewrite Terraform configuration files to a canonical format & style
</details>
  
24. In the example below, where is the value of the DNS record's IP address originating from?
````tf
resource "aws_route53_record" "www" {
  zone_id = aws_route53_zone.primary.zone_id
  name    = "www.helloworld.com"
  type    = "A"
  ttl     = "300"
  records = [module.web_server.instance_ip_addr]
}
````
  
a. the regular expression named module.web_server
  
b. value of the web_server parameter from the variables.tf file
  
c. by querying the AWS EC2 API to retrieve the IP address
  
d. the output of a module named web_server
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 24. :</summary>
  d: the output of a module named web_server<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  In a parent module, outputs of child modules are available in expressions as module.<MODULE NAME>.<OUTPUT NAME>. For example, if a child module named web_server declared an output named instance_ip_addr, you could access that value as module.web_server.instance_ip_addr
</details>
  
25. Using multi-cloud and provider-agnostic tools provides which of the following benefits? (select two)
  
a. operations team only need to learn & manage a single tool to manage infrastructure, regardless of where the infrastructure is deployed
  
b. slower provisioning speed allows the operations team to catch mistakes before they are applied
  
c. increased risk due to all infrastructure relying on a single tool for management
  
d. can be used across major cloud privders & VM hypervisors
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 25. :</summary>
  a: operations teams only need to learn & manage...<br/>
  d: can be used across major cloud providers & VM ...
</details>
  
26. True or False? Workspaces provide similar functionality in the open-source, Terraform Cloud, and Enterprise versions of Terraform.
  
a. False
  
b. True
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 26. :</summary>
  False<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/workspaces
</details>
  
27. Which of the following is considered a Terraform plugin?
  
a. Terraform tooling
  
b. Terraform provider
  
c. Terraform logic
  
d. Terraform language
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 27. :</summary>
  b: Terraform provider
</details>
  
28. True or False? Starting in Terraform v0.12, the Terraform language now has built-in syntax for creating lists using the `[` and `]` delimiters, replacing and deprecating the `list ()` function.
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 28. :</summary>
  True<br/><br/>
  The list function is deprecated. From Terraform v0.12, the Terraform language has built-in syntax for creating lists using the [ and ] delimiters. Use the built-in syntax instead. The list function will be removed in a future version of Terraform.
</details>
  
29. True or False? Multiple providers can be declared within a single Terraform configuration file.
  
a. True
  
b. False
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 29. :</summary>
  True
</details>
  
30. From the answers below, select the advantages of using Infrastructure as Code. (select four)
  
a. Provide reusable modules for easy sharing & collaboration
  
b. Easily change & update existing infrastructure
  
c. Safely test modification uisng a "dry run" before applying any actual changes
  
d. Easily integrate with appliation workflows (GitLab Actions, Azure DevOps, CI/CD tools)
  
e: Provide a condified workflow to develop customer-facing applications
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 30. :</summary>
  a: Provide reusable modules for easy sharing & collaboration<br/>
  b: Easily change & update existing infrastructure<br/>
  c: Safely test modifications using a "dry run" before applying any actual changes<br/>
  d: Easily integrate with application workflows (GitLab Actions, Azure DevOps, CI/CD tools)<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Infrastructure as Code is not used to develop applications, but it can be used to help deploy or provision those applications to a public cloud provider or on-premises infrastructure
</details>

31. Stephen is writing brand new code and needs to ensure it is syntactically valid and internally consistent. Stephen doesn't want to wait for Terraform to access any remote services while making sure his code is valid. What command can he use to accomplish this?
  
a. terraform fmt
  
b. terraform apply -refresh-only
  
c. terraform show
  
d. terraform validate
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 31. :</summary>
  d: terraform validate
</details>
  
32. What are some of the problems of how infrastructure was traditionally managed before Infrastructure as Code? (select three)
  
a. Traditionally manged infrastructure can't keep up with cyclic or elastic applications
  
b. Requests for infrastructure or hardware often required a ticket, increasing the time rquired to deploy applications
  
c. Traditional deployment methods are not able to meet the demands of the modern business where resources tend to live days to weeks, rather than months to years
  
d. Pointing & clicking in a management console is a scalable approach & reduces human error as businesses are moving to a multi-cloud deployment model
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 32. :</summary>
  a: Traditionally managed infrastructure can't ...<br/>
  b: Requests for infrastructure or hardware often required...<br/>
  c: Traditional deplyment methods are not able...
</details>
  
33. Which of the following best describes a Terraform provider?
  
a. serves as a parameter for a Terraform module that allows a module to be customized
  
b. describes an infrastructure object, such as a vnet, compute instance, or other components
  
c. a plugin that Terraform uses to translate the API interactions with the service or provider
  
d. a container for multiple resources that are used together
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 33. :</summary>
  c: a pluging that Terraform uses to translate the API...<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  A provider is responsible for understanding API interactions and exposing resources. Providers generally are an IaaS (e.g., Alibaba Cloud, AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, OpenStack), PaaS (e.g., Heroku), or SaaS services (e.g., Terraform Cloud, DNSimple, CloudFlare).<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html
</details>
  
34. What happens when a terraform apply command is executed?
  
a. creates the execution plan for the deployment of resources
  
b. reconciles the state Terraform knows about with the real-world infrastucture
  
c. the backend is initialized & the working directory is prepped
  
d. applies the changes required in the target infrastucture in order to reach the desired configuration
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 34. :</summary>
  d: applies the changes required in the target infrastructure in order ...<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The terraform apply command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/apply.html
</details>
  
35. What are the core Terraform workflow steps to use infrastructure as code?
  
a.
````tf
1) Write
2) Plan
3) Apply
````
  
b.
````tf
1) Code
2) Validate
3) Apply
````
  
c. 
````tf
1) Plan
2) Apply
3) Destroy
````
  
d. 
````tf
1) Plan
2) Apply
3) Pray
````
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 35. :</summary>
  a: 1) Write <br/> 2) Plan <br/> 3) Apply<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/guides/core-workflow.html
</details>
  
36. Which of the following connection types are supported by the remote-exec provisioner? (select two)
  
a. rdp
  
b. winRM
  
c. smb
  
d. ssh
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 36. :</summary>
  b: winRM<br/>
  d: ssh
</details>
  
37. Select two answers to complete the following sentence:

Before a new provider can be used, it must be ______ and _______. (select two)
  
a. upload to source control
  
b. approved by HashiCorp
  
c. initialized
  
d. declared or used in a configuration file
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 37. :</summary>
  c: initialized<br/>
  d: declared or used in a configuration file
</details>
  
38. You have been given requirements to create a security group for a new application. Since your organization standardizes on Terraform, you want to add this new security group with the fewest number of lines of code. What feature could you use to iterate over a list of required tcp ports to add to the new security group?
  
a. dynamic block
  
b. terraform import
  
c. splat expression
  
d. dynamic backend
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 38. :</summary>
  a: dynamic block<br/><br/>
  A dynamic block acts much like a for expression, but produces nested blocks instead of a complex typed value. It iterates over a given complex value and generates a nested block for each element of that complex value.
</details>
  
39. After running into issues with Terraform, you need to enable verbose logging to assist with troubleshooting the error. Which of the following values provides the MOST verbose logging?
  
a. debug
  
b. trace
  
c. info
  
d. warn
  
e. error
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 39. :</summary>
  b: trace
</details>
  
40. Which of the following best describes the default local backend?

a. The local backend is where Terraform Enterprise stores logs to be processed by an log collector
  
b. The local backend is the directory where resources deployed by Terraform have direct access to in order to update their current state
  
c. The local backend stores state on the local filesystem, locks the state using system APIs, & performs operations locally
  
d. The local backend is how Terraform connects to public cloud services, such as AWS, Azure, or GCP
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 40. :</summary>
  c: The local backend stores state on the local filesystem, locks the state using system APIs, & performs operations locally
</details>
  
41. Which of the following allows Terraform users to apply policy as code to enforce standardized configurations for resources being deployed via infrastructure as code?
  
a. workspaces
  
b. sentinel
  
c. module registry
  
d. functions
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 41. :</summary>
  b: sentinel<br/><br/>
  Sentinel is an embedded policy-as-code framework integrated with the HashiCorp Enterprise products. It enables fine-grained, logic-based policy decisions, and can be extended to use information from external sources.
</details>
  
42. Select the feature below that best completes the sentence:

The following list represents the different types of __________ available in Terraform.
  
````tf
max
min
join
replace
length
range
````
  
a. data sources
  
b. named values
  
c. backends
  
d. functions
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 42. :</summary>
  d: functions
</details>
  
43. Kristen is using modules to provision an Azure environment for a new application. She is using the following code and specifying a version of her virtual machine module to ensure she's calling the correct module. Which of the following provides support for the versioning of a module? (select two)
  
````tf
module "compute" {
  source  = "Azure/compute/azurerm"
  version = "3.8.0"
}
````
  
a. modules stored in GitLab
  
b. public module registry
  
c. private module registry
  
d. local file paths
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 43. :</summary>
  b: public module registry<br/>
  c: private module registry<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Version constraints are supported only for modules installed from a module registry, such as the public Terraform Registry or Terraform Cloud's private module registry. Other module sources can provide their own versioning mechanisms within the source string itself, or might not support versions at all. In particular, modules sourced from local file paths do not support version; since they're loaded from the same source repository, they always share the same version as their caller.
</details>
  
44. In regards to deploying resources in multi-cloud environments, what are some of the benefits of using Terraform rather than a provider's native tooling? (select three)
  
a. Terraform can help businesses deploy applications on multiple clouds & on-premises infrastructure
  
b. Terraform simplifies management & orchestration, helping operators build large-scale, multi-cloud infrastructure
  
c. Terraform can manage cross-cloud dependencies
  
d. Terraform is not cloud-agnostic & can be used to deploy resources across a single public cloud
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 44. :</summary>
  a: Terraform can help business deploy...<br/>
  b: Terraform simplifies management & orchestration, helping ...<br/>
  c: Terraform can manage cross-cloud dependencies
</details>
  
45. In the terraform block, which configuration would be used to identify the specific version of a provider required?
  
a. required_providers
  
b. required-version
  
c. required_versions
  
d. required-providers
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 45. :</summary>
  a: required_providers<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  For production use, you should constrain the acceptable provider versions via configuration file to ensure that new versions with breaking changes will not be automatically installed by terraform init in the future. When terraform init is run without provider version constraints, it prints a suggested version constraint string for each provider<br/>
  terraform { <br/> &ensp; required_providers { <br/> &ensp; &ensp; aws = ">=3.1.0" <br/> &ensp; } <br/> }
</details>
  
46. In Terraform Enterprise, a workspace can be mapped to how many VCS repos?
  
a. 3
  
b. 1
  
c. 2
  
d. 5
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 46. :</summary>
  b: 1<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  A workspace can only be configured to a single VCS repo, however, multiple workspaces can use the same repo, if needed. A good explanation of how to configure your code repositories<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/workspaces/creating.html
</details>
  
47. Which of the following actions are performed during a terraform init? (select three)
  
a. downloads the required modules referenced in the configuration
  
b. downloads the providers/plugins required to execute the configuration
  
c. initializes the backend configuration
  
d. provisions the declared resources in your configuration
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 47. :</summary>
  a: downloads the required modules referenced in the configuration<br/>
  b: downloads the provider/plugins required to execute the configuration<br/>
  c: initializes the backend configuration
</details>
  
48. What is the downside to using Terraform to interact with sensitive data, such as reading secrets from Vault?
  
a. Terraform & Vault must be running on the same version
  
b. Terraform requires a unique auth mehtods to work with Vault
  
c. secrets are persisted to the state file
  
d. Terraform & Vault must be running on the same physical host
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 48. :</summary>
  c: secrets are persisted to the state file<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Interacting with Vault from Terraform causes any secrets that you read and write to be persisted in both Terraform's state file and in any generated plan files. For any Terraform module that reads or writes Vault secrets, these files should be treated as sensitive and protected accordingly.<br/>
  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs
</details>
  
49. Rick is writing a new Terraform configuration file and wishes to use modules in order to easily consume Terraform code that has already been written. Which of the modules shown below will be created first?
  
````tf
ed first?

terraform {
  required_providers {
    aws = {
      source = "hashicorp/aws"
    }
  }
}
 
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-west-2"
}
 
module "vpc" {
  source  = "terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws"
  version = "2.21.0"
 
  name = var.vpc_name
  cidr = var.vpc_cidr
 
  azs             = var.vpc_azs
  private_subnets = var.vpc_private_subnets
  public_subnets  = var.vpc_public_subnets
 
  enable_nat_gateway = var.vpc_enable_nat_gateway
 
  tags = var.vpc_tags
}
 
module "ec2_instances" {
  source  = "terraform-aws-modules/ec2-instance/aws"
  version = "2.12.0"
 
  name           = "my-ec2-cluster"
  instance_count = 2
 
  ami                    = "ami-0c5204531f799e0c6"
  instance_type          = "t2.micro"
  vpc_security_group_ids = [module.vpc.default_security_group_id]
  subnet_id              = module.vpc.public_subnets[0]
 
  tags = {
    Terraform   = "true"
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}
````
  
a. module "vpc"
  
b. module "ec2_instances"
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 49. :</summary>
  a: module "vpc"<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The VPC module will be executed first since the ec2_instances module has dependencies on the VPC module. Both vpc_security_group_ids and subnet_id require outputs from the VPC module.<br/>
  https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/module-use
</details>
  
50. What is the purpose of using the local-exec provisioner? (select two)
  
a. to invoke a local executable
  
b. executes a command on the resource to invoke an update to the Terraform state
  
c. ensures that the resource is only executed in the local infrastructure where Terraform is deployed
  
d. to execute one or more commands on the machine running Terraform
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 50. :</summary>
  a: to invoke a local executable<br/>
  d: to execute one or more commands on the machine running Terraform<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The local-exec provisioner invokes a local executable after a resource is created. This invokes a process on the machine running Terraform, not on the resource<br/>
  Note that even though the resource will be fully created when the provisioner is run, there is no guarantee that it will be in an operable state - for example, system services such as sshd may not be started yet on compute resources<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/#how-to-use-provisioners
</details>
  
51. What is the best and easiest way for Terraform to read and write secrets from HashiCorp Vault?
  
a. CLI access from the same machine running Terraform
  
b. integration with a tool like Jenkins
  
c. Vault provider
  
d. API access using the AppRole auth method
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 51. :</summary>
  c: Vault provider<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The Vault provider allows Terraform to read from, write to, and configure Hashicorp Vault.<br/>
  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/vault/latest/docs
</details>
  
52. Published modules via the Terraform Registry provide which of the following benefits? (select four)
  
a. show examples & READMEs
  
b. support from any code repo
  
c. automatically generated documentation
  
d. support versioning
  
e. allow browsing version histories
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 52. :</summary>
  a: show examples & READMEs<br/>
  c: automatically generated documentation<br/>
  d: support versioning<br/>
  e: allow browsing version histories<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Public modules are managed via Git and GitHub. Publishing a module takes only a few minutes. Once a module is published, you can release a new version of a module by simply pushing a properly formed Git tag. The module must be on GitHub and must be a public repo. This is only a requirement for the public registry. If you're using a private registry, you may ignore this requirement.<br/>
  The key here is that HashiCorp uses GitHub for published modules.
</details>
  
53. What happens when a terraform plan is executed?
  
a creates an execution plan & determines what changes are required to achieve the desired state in the configuration files
  
b. reconciles the state Terraform knows about with the real-world infrastructure
  
c. the backend is initialized & the working directory is prepped
  
d. applies the changes required in the target infrastructure in order to reach the desired configuration
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 53. :</summary>
  a: creates an execution plan & determines what changes are required to...
</details>
  
54. Why is it a good idea to declare the required version of a provider in a Terraform configuration file?
````tf
terraform {
  required_providers {
    aws = "~> 1.0"
  }  
}
````
  
a. to ensure that the provider version matches the version of Terraform you are using
  
b. to match the version number of your application being deployed via Terraform
  
c. to remove older versions of the provider
  
d. providers are released on a separete schedule form Terraform itself; therfore a newer version could introduce breaking changes
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 54. :</summary>
  d: providers are released on a separte schedule form Terraform itself; therefore a newer version cloud introduce breaking changes
</details>
  
55. Frank has a file named main.tf which is shown below. Which of the following statements are true about this code? (select two)
  
````tf
module "servers" {
  source = "./app-cluster"
 
  servers = 5
}
````
  
a. app-cluster is the calling module
  
b. main.tf is the child module
  
c. app-cluster is the child module
  
d. main.tf is the calling module
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 55. :</summary>
  c: app-cluster is the child module<br/>
  d: main.tf is the calling module<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  To call a module means to include the contents of that module into the configuration with specific values for its input variables. Modules are called from within other modules using module blocks. A module that includes a module block like this is the calling module of the child module<br/>
  The label immediately after the module keyword is a local name, which the calling module can use to refer to this instance of the module<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/modules.html#calling-a-child-module
</details>
  
56. In order to make a Terraform configuration file dynamic and/or reusable, static values should be converted to use what?
  
a. input variables
  
b. output value
  
c. regular expressions
  
d. module
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 56. :</summary>
  a: input variables<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  Input variables serve as parameters for a Terraform module, allowing aspects of the module to be customized without altering the module's own source code, and allowing modules to be shared between different configurations.<br/>
  https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/aws-variables
</details>
  
57. Terraform-specific settings and behaviors are declared in which configuration block type?
  
a. resource block
  
b. terraform block
  
c. provider block
  
d. data block
  
<details>
<summary>Answer 57. :</summary>
  b: terraform block<br/><br/>
  <ins>Expl.</ins><br/>
  The special terraform configuration block type is used to configure some behaviors of Terraform itself, such as requiring a minimum Terraform version to apply your configuration<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/terraform.html
</details>
  
---
  
## Scores
1. 03-08-2022 PM | 41/57 = 71%
2. 04-08-2022 AM | 57/57 = 100%
3. 05-08-2022 PM | 51/57 = 89%
4. 06-08-2022 PM | 55/57 = 96%
