Q5 - Σ57

---

## Questions
1. Teddy is using Terraform to deploy infrastructure using modules. Where is the module below stored?
````tf
module "monitoring_tools" {
  source = "./modules/monitoring_tools"
 
  cluster_hostname = module.k8s_cluster.hostname
}
````

a. private module registry in Terraform Cloud (free)

b. locally on the instance running Terraform

c. in public GitLab repository

d. on the Terraform public module registry

<details>
<summary>Answer 1. :</summary>
  b: locally on the instance running terraform<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/language/modules/sources#terraform-registry
</details>

2. Ralphie has executed a terraform apply using a complex Terraform configuration file. However, a few resources failed to deploy due to incorrect variables. After the error is discovered, what happens to the resources that were successfully provisioned?

a. the resources that were successfully provsioned will remain as deplyed

b. Terraform rolls back the configuration due to the error, therefore the resource are automatically destroyed

c. resources successfully deplyed are marked for replacement

d. Terraform deletes the resources on the next run

<details>
<summary>Answer 2. :</summary>
  a: the resources that were successfully provisioned will remain as deployed<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/provisioners/index.html#creation-time-provisioners
</details>

3. Terraform has detailed logs that can be enabled using the TF_LOG environment variable. Which of the following log levels is the most verbose, meaning it will log the most specific logs?

a. info

b. trace

c. debug

d. error

<details>
<summary>Answer 3. :</summary>
  b: trace<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/internals/debugging.html
</details>

4. Scenario: You are deploying a new application and want to deploy it to multiple AWS regions within the same configuration file. Which of the following features will allow you to configure this?

a. one provider block that defines multiple regions

b. multiple provider blocks using an alias

c. using the default provider along with a single defined provider

d. a provider with multiple versions defined

<details>
<summary>Answer 4. :</summary>
  b: multiple provider blocks using an alias<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html#alias-multiple-provider-configurations
</details>

5. Based on the code provided, how many subnets will be created in the AWS account?

variables.tf :
````tf
ariable "private_subnet_names" {
  type    = list(string)
  default = ["private_subnet_a", "private_subnet_b", "private_subnet_c"]
}
variable "vpc_cidr" {
  type    = string
  default = "10.0.0.0/16"
}
variable "public_subnet_names" {
  type    = list(string)
  default = ["public_subnet_1", "public_subnet_2"]
}
````

main.tf :
````tf
resource "aws_subnet" "private_subnet" {
  count             = length(var.private_subnet_names)
  vpc_id            = aws_vpc.vpc.id
  cidr_block        = cidrsubnet(var.vpc_cidr, 8, count.index)
  availability_zone = data.aws_availability_zones.available.names[count.index]
 
  tags = {
    Name      = var.private_subnet_names[count.index]
    Terraform = "true"
  }
}
````

a. 2

b. 1

c. 0

d. 3

<details>
<summary>Answer 5. :</summary>
  d: 3<br/><br/>
  The code above will create three subnets. The value of count is determined by the number of strings included in the private_subnet_names variable.
</details>

6. Which of the following Terraform features is NOT available in the open-source version?

a. public cloud providers

b. resource graph

c. sentinel policies

d. public module registry

<details>
<summary>Answer 6. :</summary>
  c: sentinel policies
</details>

7. Rigby is implementing Terraform and was given a configuration that includes the snippet below. Where is this particular module stored?
````tf
module "consul" {
  source = "hashicorp/consul/aws"
  version = "0.1.0"
}
````

a. locally but a directory back from the current directory

b. a private module registry supported by your organization

c. public Terraform registry

d. locally in the hashicorp/consul/aws directory

<details>
<summary>Answer 7. :</summary>
  c: public Terraform registry<br/><br/>
  Modules on the public Terraform Registry can be referenced using a registry source address of the form <NAMESPACE>/<NAME>/<PROVIDER>, with each module's information page on the registry site including the exact address to use<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/sources.html#terraform-registry
</details>

8. A provider alias is used for what purpose in a Terraform configuration file?

a. using the same provider with different configurations for different resources

b. alias isn't used with providers, they are used with provisoners

c. to signify what resources should be deployed to a certain cloud provider

d. to use as shorthand for resources to be deplyed with the referenced provider

<details>
<summary>Answer 8. :</summary>
  a: using the same provider with different confugurations for different resources
</details>

9. Which feature of Terraform Enterprise can be used to enforce fine-grained policies to enforce standardization and cost controls before resources are provisioned with Terraform?

a. remote runs

b. sentinel

c. workspaces

d. module registry

<details>
<summary>Answer 9. :</summary>
  b: sentinel
</details>

10. Which of the following Terraform CLI commands are valid? (select five)

a. $ terraform show

b. terraform apply -refresh-only

c. $ terraform workspace select

d. $ terraform fmt

e. $ terraform login

f. $ terraform delete

g. $ terraform initialize

<details>
<summary>Answer 10. :</summary>
  a: $ terraform show<br/>
  b: terraform apply -refresh-only<br/>
  c: $ terraform workspace select<br/>
  d: $ terraform fmt<br/>
  e: $ terraform login<br/><br/>
  The terraform login command can be used to automatically obtain and save an API token for Terraform Cloud, Terraform Enterprise, or any other host that offers Terraform services.
</details>

11. You have your production environment deployed with Terraform. A developer request that you update a load balancer configuration to better work with the application. After modifying your Terraform, how can you perform a dry run to ensure no unexpected changes will be made?

a. run `terraform state list` to view the existing resources & ensure they won't conflit with the new changes

b. run `terraform plan -auto-approve` to push the changes

c. run `terraform plan` & inspect the proposed changes

d. run `terraform console` & valide the result of any expressions

<details>
<summary>Answer 11. :</summary>
  c: run terraform plan & inspect the proposed changes
</details>

12. You have a Terraform configuration file with no defined resources. However, there is a related state file for resources that were created on AWS. What happens when you run a `terraform apply` ?

a. Terraform will destroy all of the resources

b. Terraform will not perform any operations

c. Terraform will scan the AWS infrastructure & create a new configuration file based on the state file

d. Terraform will produce an error since there ano no resources defined

<details>
<summary>Answer 12. :</summary>
  a: Terraform will destroy all of the resources<br/><br/>
  In this case, since there is a state file with resources, Terraform will match the desired state of no resources since the configuration file doesn't include any resources. Therefore, all resources defined in the state file will be destroyed.
</details>

13. Based on the following code, which of the resources will be created first?
````tf
resource "aws_instance" "data_processing" {
  ami           = data.aws_ami.amazon_linux.id
  instance_type = "t2.micro"
 
  depends_on = [aws_s3_bucket.customer_data]
}
 
module "example_sqs_queue" {
  source  = "terraform-aws-modules/sqs/aws"
  version = "2.1.0"
 
  depends_on = [aws_s3_bucket.customer_data, aws_instance.data_processing]
}
 
resource "aws_s3_bucket" "customer_data" {
  acl    = "private"
}
 
resource "aws_eip" "ip" {
    vpc = true
    instance = aws_instance.data_processing.id
}
````

a. aws_eip.ip

b. example_sqs_queue

c. aws_s3_bucket.customer_data

d. aws_instance.data_processing

<details>
<summary>Answer 13. :</summary>
  c: aws_s3_bucket.customer_data<br/><br/>
  In this example, the only resource that does not have an implicit or an explicit dependency is the aws_s3_bucket.customer_data. Every other resource defined in this configuration has a dependency on another resource<br/>
  https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/dependencies
</details>

14. Which type of configuration block assigns a name to an expression that can be used multiple times within a module without having to repeat it?

a. backend

b. local

c. provider

d. resources

<details>
<summary>Answer 14. :</summary>
  b: local<br/><br/>
  A local value assigns a name to an expression, so you can use it multiple times within a module without repeating it.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/locals.html
</details>

15. Pam just finished up a new Terraform configuration file and has successfully deployed the configuration on Azure using Terraform open-source. After confirming the configuration on Azure, Pam changes to a new workspace and then heads to lunch. When she arrives back at her desk, Pam decides to destroy the resources to save on cost. When Pam executes a terraform destroy, the output indicates there are no resources to delete.

Why can't Pam delete the newly created resources in Azure?

````tf
$ terraform destroy
 
An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.  
Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
 
Terraform will perform the following actions:
 
Plan: 0 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.
````

a. there is no Terraform state in the current workspace she is working in

b. an Azure administrator manually deleted the resources

c. the Terraform state was deleted when she created the new workspace

d. Terraform reached the maximum timeout while Pam was away from lunch, therefore the resources were automatically destroyed

<details>
<summary>Answer 15. :</summary>
  a: there is no Terraform state in the current workspace she is working in
</details>

16. Using the Terraform code below, where will the resource be provisioned?
````tf
provider "aws" {
  region = "us-east-1"
}
 
provider "aws" {
  alias  = "west"
  region = "us-west-2"
}
 
provider "aws" {
  alias  = "eu"
  region = "eu-west-2"
}
 
resource "aws_instance" "vault" {
  ami                         = data.aws_ami.amzlinux2.id
  instance_type               = "t3.micro"
  key_name                    = "ec2_key"
  vpc_security_group_ids      = var.vault_sg
  subnet_id                   = var.vault_subnet
  user_data                   = file("vault.sh")
 
  tags = {
    Name = "vault"
  }
}
````

a. us-west-2

b. us-east-1

c. us-west-1

<details>
<summary>Answer 16. :</summary>
  b: us-east-1
</details>

17. What happens if multiple users attempt to run a `terraform apply` simultaneously when using a remote backend? (select two)

a. both users will get an error

b. the Terraform apply will work for both users

c. if the backend does not support locking, the state file clould become corrupted

d. if the backend supports locking, the first terraform apply will lock the file for changes, preventing the second user from running the apply

<details>
<summary>Answer 17. :</summary>
  c: if the backend does not support locking, the ...<br/>
  d: if the backend supports locking, the first terraform apply...
</details>

18. What happens when you apply a Terraform configuration using `terraform apply` ? (select two)

a. Terraform updates the state file with configuration changes made during the execution

b. Terraform formats your configuration to the standard canonical format & style

c. Terraform makes infrastructure changes defined in your configuration

d. Terraform recreates all the infrastructure defined in the configuration file

e. Terraform downloads any required plugins

<details>
<summary>Answer 18. :</summary>
  a: Terraform updates the state file with configuration changes made during the execution<br/>
  c: Terraform makes infrastructure changes defined in your configuration
</details>

19. Michael has deployed many resources in AWS using Terraform and can easily update or destroy resources when required by the application team. A new employee, Dwight, is working with the application team and deployed a new EC2 instance through the AWS console. When Michael finds out, he decided he wants to manage the new EC2 instance using Terraform moving forward. He opens his terminal and types:<br/>
`$ terraform import aws_instance.web_app_42 i-b54a26b28b8acv7233`
<br/>
However, Terraform returns the following error: <br/>
`Error: resource address "aws_instance.web_app_42" does not exist in the configuration.`<br/>
What does Michael need to do first in order to manage the new Amazon EC2 instance with Terraform?

a. create a configuration for the new resource in the Terraform configuration file, such as :<br/>
````tf
resource "aws_instance" "web_app_42" {
  # (resource arguments)
}
````

b. Terraform can't manage resources that were provisioned manually

c. configure the appropriate tags on the Amazon EC2 resource so Terraform knows that it should manage the resource moving forward

d. import the configuration of the EC2 instance called `web_app_42` from AWS first

<details>
<summary>Answer 19. :</summary>
  a: create a configuration for the new resource in the Terraform configuration file,such az:<br/>
  resource "aws_instance" "web_app_42" { <br/> &ensp; # (resource arguments) <br/> }
</details>

20. Both Terraform CLI and Terraform Cloud offer a feature called "workspaces". Which of the following statements are true regarding workspaces? (select three)

a. Each CLI workspace coincides with a different VCS repo

b. Terraform Cloud maintains the state version & run history for each workspace

c. Terraform Cloud manages infrastructure collections with a workspace whereas CLI manages collections of infrastructure resources with a persistent working directory

d. Run history is logged in a file underneath the working directory of a CLI workspace

e. CLI workspaces are alternative state files in the same working directory

<details>
<summary>Answer 20. :</summary>
  b: Terraform Cloud maintains the state version & run history for each workspace<br/>
  c: Terraform Cloud manages infrastructure collections with a workspace whereas CLI manages collections...<br/>
  e: CLI workspaces are alternative state files in the same working directory
</details>

21. True or False? A remote backend configuration is required for using Terraform.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 21. :</summary>
  False
</details>

22. True or False? Any sensitive values referenced in the Terraform code, even as variables, will end up in plain text in the state file.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 22. :</summary>
  True
</details>

23. When deploying an EC2 instance in AWS, for example, what value is the data source returning?
````tf
data "aws_ami" "amzlinux2" {
  most_recent = true
  owners      = ["amazon"]
 
  filter {
    name   = "name"
    values = ["amzn2-ami-hvm-*-x86_64-ebs"]
  }
}

resource "aws_instance" "vault" {
  ami                         = data.aws_ami.amzlinux2.id
  instance_type               = "t3.micro"
  key_name                    = "vault-key"
  vpc_security_group_ids      = var.sg
  subnet_id                   = var.subnet
  associate_public_ip_address = "true"
  user_data                   = file("vault.sh")
 
  tags = {
    Name = "vault"
  }
}
````

a. the latest AMI you have previously used for an Amazon Linux 2 image

b. a custom AMI for Amazon Linux 2

c. the iP address of an EC2 instance running in AWS

d. all possible data of a specific Amazon Machine Image from AWS

<details>
<summary>Answer 23. :</summary>
  d: all possible data of a specific Amazon Machine Image form AWS<br/><br/>
  When you add a data block to your configuration, Terraform will retrieve all of the available data for that particular resource. It is then up to you to reference a specific attribute that can be exported from that data source. For example, if you include a data block for the aws_ami resource, Terraform will get a ton of attributes about that AMI that you can use elsewhere in your code - check out this link to see the list of attributes specific to the aws_ami, for example<br/>
  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ami#attributes-reference<br/>
  Within the block body (between { and }) are query constraints defined by the data source. Most arguments in this section depend on the data source, and indeed in this example most_recent, owners and tags are all arguments defined specifically for the aws_ami data source.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/data-sources.html#using-data-sources
</details>

24. Variables and their default values are typically declared in a main.tf or variables.tf file. What type of file can be used to set explicit values for the current working directory that will override the default variable values?

a. .txt file

b. .sh file

c. .tfstate file

d. .tfvars file

<details>
<summary>Answer 24. :</summary>
  d: .tfvars file
</details>

25. When using a Terraform provider, it's common that Terraform needs credentials to access the API for the underlying platform, such as VMware, AWS, or Google Cloud. While there are many ways to accomplish this, what are three options that you can provide these credentials? (select three)

a. integrated services, such as AWS IAM or Azure Managed Service Identity

b. using a remote-exec

c. use environment variables

d. directly in the provider block by hardcoding or using a variable

<details>
<summary>Answer 25. :</summary>
  a: integrated services, such as AWS IAM or Azure Managed Service Identity<br/>
  c: use environment variables<br/>
  d: directly in the provider block by hardcoding or using variable<br/><br/>
  https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication
</details>

26. Terraform Cloud provides organizations with many features not available to those running Terraform open-source to deploy infrastructure. Select the ADDITIONAL features that organizations can take advantage of by moving to Terraform Cloud. (select three)

a. VCS connection

b. private module registry

c. remote runs

d. public module registry

e. providers

<details>
<summary>Answer 26. :</summary>
  a: VCS connection<br/>
  b: private module registry<br/>
  c: remote runs
</details>

27. Margaret is calling a child module to deploy infrastructure for her organization. Just as a good architect does (and suggested by HashiCorp), she specifies the module version she wants to use even though there are newer versions available. During a terrafom init, Terraform downloads v0.0.5 just as expected.

What would happen if Margaret removed the version parameter in the module block and ran a terraform init again?

````tf
module "consul" {
  source  = "hashicorp/consul/aws"
  version = "0.0.5"
 
  servers = 3
}
````

a. Terraform would download the latest version of the module

b. Terraform would use the existing module already downloaded

c. Terraform would return an error, as the version parameter is required

d. Terraform would skip the module

<details>
<summary>Answer 27. :</summary>
  b: Terraform would use the existing module already downloaded
</details>

28. True or False? Terraform is designed to work with public cloud platforms, and organizations that wish to use it for on-premises infrastructure (private cloud) should look for an alternative solution.

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 28. :</summary>
  False<br/><br/>
  Terraform is designed to work with almost any infrastructure that provides an API. Terraform is very frequently used to provision infrastructure atop VMware infrastructure, along with traditional, physical security or infrastructure service solutions. Additional information can be found in this article referenced by the Exam Objective<br/>
  https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/infrastructure-as-code-in-a-private-or-public-cloud
</details>

29. True or False? A main.tf file is always required when using Terraform?

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 29. :</summary>
  False
</details>

30. What feature of Terraform provides an abstraction above the upstream API and is responsible for understanding API interactions and exposing resources?

a. Terraform provider

b. Terraform configuration file

c. Terraform provisioner

d. Terraform backend

<details>
<summary>Answer 30. :</summary>
  a: Terraform provider
</details>

31. When a terraform apply is executed, where is the AWS provider retrieving credentials to create cloud resources in the code snippet below?
````tf
provider "aws" {
   region     = us-east-1
   access_key = data.vault_aws_access_credentials.creds.access_key
   secret_key = data.vault_aws_access_credentials.creds.secret_key
}
````

a. from the .tfvars file called vault

b. From a variable called vault_aws_access_credentials

c. From a data source that is retrieving credentials from HashiCorp Vault. Vault is dynamically generating the credentials on Terraform's behalf

d. from a script that is executing commands against Vault

<details>
<summary>Answer 31. :</summary>
  c: From a data source that is retrieving credentials form HashiCorp Vault. Vault is dynamically g...<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/data-sources.html
</details>

32. AutoPlants, Inc is a new startup that uses AI and robotics to grow sustainable and organic vegetables for California farmers' markets. The organization can quickly burst into the public cloud during the busy season using Terraform to provision additional resources to process AI computations and images. Since its compute stack is proprietary and critical to the organization, it needs a solution to create and publish Terraform modules that only its engineers and architects can use.

Which feature can provide this functionality?

a. private module registry

b. Sentinel

c. public module registry

d. Terraform Enterprise Workspaces

<details>
<summary>Answer 32. :</summary>
  a: private module registry
</details>

33. What function does the terraform init -upgrade command perform?

a. upgrades the Terraform configuration file(s) to use the referenced Terraform version

b. update all previously installed plugins to the newest version that complies with the configuration's version constraints

c. upgrades the backend to the latest supported version

d. upgrades all of the referenced modules & providers to the latest version of Terraform

<details>
<summary>Answer 33. :</summary>
  b: update all previously installed plugins to the newest version that complies with the configuration's ...<br/><br/>
  The -upgrade will upgrade all previously-selected plugins to the newest version that complies with the configuration's version constraints. This will cause Terraform to ignore any selections recorded in the dependency lock file, and to take the newest available version matching the configured version constraints.<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/init.html#upgrade-1
</details>

34. Which of the following best describes a "data source"?

a. maintains a list of strings to store the values of declared outputs in Terraform

b. provides required data for declared variables used within the Terraform configuration

c. a file that contains the current working version of Terraform

d. enables Terraform to fetch data for use elsewhere in the Terraform configuration

<details>
<summary>Answer 34. :</summary>
  d: enables Terraform to fetch data for use wlsewhere in the Terraform configuration
</details>

35. Which of the following is not a benefit of Terraform state?

a. determines the dependency order for deployed resources

b. provides a one-to-one mapping of the configuration to real-world resources

c. reduces the number of outbound traffic by requiring state is stored locally

d. increases performance by reducing the requirement to query multiple resources at once

<details>
<summary>Answer 35. :</summary>
  c: reduces the number of outbound traffic by requiring state is stored locally<br/><br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/purpose.html
</details>

36. You have created a brand new workspace for a new project, and have added all of your Terraform configuration files in the new directory. Before you execute a terraform plan, you want to validate the configuration using the terraform validate command. However, Terraform returns the error:
````tf
$ terraform validate
Error: Could not load plugin
````

What would cause this error when trying to validate the configuration?

a. the credentials for the provider are invalid

b. the directory does not contain valid Terraform configuration files

c. the directory was not initialized

d. the configuration is invalid

<details>
<summary>Answer 36. :</summary>
  c: the directory was not initialized
</details>

37. True or False? Before a terraform validate can be run, the directory must be initialized.

a. False

b. True

<details>
<summary>Answer 37. :</summary>
  True
</details>

38. Which of the following commands can be used to detect configuration drift?

a. terraform get

b. terraform apply -refresh-only

c. terraform init

d. terraform fmt

<details>
<summary>Answer 38. :</summary>
  b: terraform apply -refresh-only<br/><br/>
  If the state has drifted from the last time Terraform ran,terraform plan -refresh-only or terraform apply -refresh-only allows drift to be detected.<br/>
  https://www.hashicorp.com/blog/detecting-and-managing-drift-with-terraform
</details>

39. You have a Terraform configuration file defining resources to deploy on VMware, yet there is no related state file. You have successfully run terraform init already. What happens when you run a terraform apply?

a. Terraform will scan the VMware infrastructure, create a new state file, & compare the state to the configuration file to determine what resources should be created

b. Terraform will produce an error since there is no state file

c. Since there is no state file associated with this configuration file, the defined resources will be not created on the VMware infrastructure

d. All existing infrastructure on VMware will be deletyed, & the resources defined in the configuration file will be created

<details>
<summary>Answer 39. :</summary>
  a: Terraform will scan the VMware infrastructure, create a new state file, & compare the state ...
</details>

40. Larissa is an experienced IT professional and is working to learn Terraform to manage the F5 load balancers that front-end customer-facing applications. Larissa writes great code, but her formatting seldom meets the Terraform canonical formatting and style recommended by HashiCorp. What built-in tool or command can Larissa use to easily format her code to meet the recommendations for formatting Terraform code?

a. terraform validate 

b. terraform fmt

c. terraform plan

d. terraform env

<details>
<summary>Answer 40. :</summary>
  b: terraform fmt
</details>

41. Which of the following are the benefits of using modules in Terraform? (select three)

a. allows modules to be stored anywhere accessible by Terraform

b. supports versioning to maintain compatibility

c. enables code reuse

d. supports modules stored locally or remotely

<details>
<summary>Answer 41. :</summary>
  b: supports versioning to maintain compatibility<br/>
  c: enables code reuse<br/>
  d: supports modules stored locally or remotely
</details>

42. You are an Infrastructure Engineer at Strategies, Inc, which is a new organization that provides marketing services to startups. All of your infrastructure is provisioned and managed by Terraform. Despite your pleas to not make changes outside of Terraform, sometimes the other engineers log into the cloud platform and make minor changes to resolve problems.

What Terraform command can you use to reconcile the state with the real-world infrastructure in order to detect any drift from the last-known state?

a. terraform state show

b. terraform validate 

c. terraform apply -refresh-only

d. terraform graph

<details>
<summary>Answer 42. :</summary>
  c: terraform apply -refresh-only
</details>

43. Given the following snippet of code, what will the value of the "Name" tag equal after a terraform apply?
````tf
variable "name" {
  description = "The username assigned to the infrastructure"
  default = "data_processing"
}
 
variable "team" {
  description = "The team responsible for the infrastructure"
  default = "IS Team"
}
 
locals {
  name  = (var.name != "" ? var.name : random_id.id.hex)
  owner = var.team
  common_tags = {
    Owner = local.owner
    Name  = local.name
  }
}
````

a. data_processing

b. a random hex value

c. an empty string

d. IS Teams

<details>
<summary>Answer 43. :</summary>
  a: data_processing<br/><br/>
  The syntax of a conditional expression first names the condition. In this example, if var.name is not (!=) empty, assign the var.name value; else, assign the new random_id resource as the name value. Since var.name equals data_processing, then the value of Name will equal data_processing.
</details>

44. Given a Terraform config that includes the following code,  how would you reference the last instance that will be created?
````tf
resource "aws_instance" "database" {
  # ...
  for_each = {
    "vault": "value1",
    "terraform": "value2",
    "consul": "value3",
    "nomad": "value4",
  }
}
````

a. aws_instance.nomad

b. aws_instance.database[4]

c. aws_instance.database[2]

d. aws_instance.database["nomad"]

<details>
<summary>Answer 44. :</summary>
  d: aws_instance.database["nomad"]
</details>

HashiCorp offers multiple versions of Terraform to meet the needs of individuals to large enterprises. Which of the following offerings provide access to a private module registry? (select four)

a. Terraform Enterprise (self-hosted)

b. Terraform Open-Source

c. Terraform Cloud - Free

d. Terraform Cloud - Business

e. Terraform Cloud - Team & Governance

<details>
<summary>Answer 45. :</summary>
  a: Terraform Enterprise (self-hosted)<br/>
  c: Terraform Cloud - Free<br/>
  d: Terraform Cloud - Business<br/>
  e: Terraform Cloud - Team & Governance
</details>

46. Terraform Cloud Agents are a feature that allows Terraform Cloud to communicate with private infrastructure, such as VMware hosts running on-premises. Which version of Terraform Cloud supports this feature?

a. Terraform Cloud Free

b. Terraform Cloud for Business

c. Terraform Team & Governance

<details>
<summary>Answer 46. :</summary>
  b: Terraform Cloud for Business
</details>

47. When running a terraform plan, how can you save the plan so it can be applied at a later time?

a. you can't save a plan

b. use the -save flag

c. use the -out flag

d. use the -file flag

<details>
<summary>Answer 47. :</summary>
  c: use the -out flag
</details>

48. True or False? A terraform plan is a required step before running a terraform apply?

a. True

b. False

<details>
<summary>Answer 48. :</summary>
  False
</details>

49. Infrastructure as Code (Iac) provides many benefits to help organizations deploy application infrastructure much faster than clicking around in the console. What are the additional benefits to IaC? (select three)

a. code can easily be shared & reused

b. can always be used to deploy the latest features & services

c. eliminates parallelism

d. allows infrastructure to be versioned

e. creates a blueprint of your data center

<details>
<summary>Answer 49. :</summary>
  a: code can easily be shared & reused<br/>
  d: allows infrastructure to be versioned<br/>
  e: creates a blueprint of your data center
</details>

50. Based on the Terraform code below, what block type is used to define the VPC?
````tf
vpc_id = aws_vpc.main.id
````

a. data block

b. resource block

c. provider block

d. locals block

<details>
<summary>Answer 50. :</summary>
  b: resource block
</details>

51. Fill in the correct answers below:

Infrastructure as Code (IaC) makes infrastructure changes _______, ________, ________, and __________. (select four)

a. predictable

b. consistent

c. idempotent

d. repeatable

e. highly-available

<details>
<summary>Answer 51. :</summary>
  a: predictable<br/>
  b: consistent<br/>
  c: idempotent<br/>
  d: repeatable
</details>

52. Philip works at a payment processing company and manages the organization's VMware environment. He recently provisioned a new cluster for a production environment. To ensure everything is working as expected, Philip has been using Terraform and the VMware vSphere client to create and destroy new virtual machines. Currently, there are three virtual machines running on the new cluster, so Philip runs terraform destroy to remove the remaining virtual machines from the cluster. However, Terraform only removes two of the virtual machines, leaving one virtual machine still running.

Why would Terraform only remove two of the three virtual machines?

a. the remaining vm was not created by Terraform, therefore Terraform is not aware of the vm & can't destroy it

b. the vSphere provider credentials are invalid, & therefore Terraform can't reach the third vm

c. Terraform can only destroy a maximum of 2 resources per terraform destroy execution

d. the vm was marked with vSphere tags to prevent it from being destroyed

<details>
<summary>Answer 52. :</summary>
  a: the remaining vm was not created by Terraform, therefore Terraform is not aware of the vm & can't destroy it
</details>

53. There are multiple ways to authenticate when using a Terraform provider. However, several methods will result in sensitive information being written to the state file, which is not desirable. Which method below will not result in sensitive information being written to the state file.

a. retrieving the credentials from a data source, such as HashiCorp Vault

b. using environment variables

c. using a declared variable

d. using a tfvars file

<details>
<summary>Answer 53. :</summary>
  b: using environment variables
</details>

54. Jeff is a DevOps Engineer for a large company and is currently managing the infrastructure for many different applications using Terraform. Recently, Jeff received a request to remove a specific VMware virtual machine from Terraform as it is no longer needed by the application team. Jeff opens his terminal and issues the command:
````tf
$ terraform state rm vsphere_virtual_machine.app1
 
Removed vsphere_virtual_machine.app1
Successfully removed 1 resource instance(s).
````

The next time that Jeff runs a terraform apply, the resource is not marked to be deleted. In fact, Terraform is stating that it is creating another identical resource.

````tf
.....
An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.  
Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
  + create
 
Terraform will perform the following actions:
 
  # vsphere_virtual_machine.app1 will be created
````

What would explain this behavior?

a. Jeff removed the resource from the state file, & not the configuration file. Therefore, Terraform is no longer aware of the vm & assumes Jeff wants to create a new one since the vm is still in the Terraform configuration file

b.after running the terraform rm command, Jeff needs to run a Terraform plan first to tell Terraform of the updated configuration. A plan will instruct Terraform that the resource should be deleted upon the next terraform apply

c. the state file was not saved before the terraform apply was executed, therefore Terraform sees that the resource is still in the state file

d. the resource was manually deleted within the VMware infrastructure & needs to be recreated

<details>
<summary>Answer 54. :</summary>
  a: Jeff removed the resource form the state file, & not the configuration file. Therefore, Terraform ...
</details>

55. Given the following snippet of code, what does servers = 4 reference?
````tf
module "servers" {
  source = "./modules/aws-servers"
 
  servers = 4
}
````

a. servers is not a valid configuration for a module

b. the output variable of the module

c. the number of times the module will be executed

d. the value of an input variable

<details>
<summary>Answer 55. :</summary>
  d: the value of an input variable<br/><br/>
  When calling a child module, values can be passed to the module to be used within the module itsel<br/>
  https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/composition.html
</details>

56. There are an endless number of benefits of using Terraform within your organization. Which of the following are true statements regarding Terraform. (select three)

a. Terraform can manage dependencies within a single cloud, but not cross-cloud

b. Terraform is cloud-agnostic but requires a specific provider for the cloud platform

c. Terraform can simplify both management & orchestration of deploying large-scle, multi-cloud infrastructure

d. A Single Terraform configuration file can be used to manage multiple providers

<details>
<summary>Answer 56. :</summary>
  b: Terraform is cloud-agnostic but requires a specific provider for the cloud patform<br/>
  c: Terraform can simplify both management & orchestration of deploying large-scale, multi-cloud infrastructure<br/>
  d: A single Terraform configuration file can be used to mange multiple providers
</details>

57. Aaron is new to Terraform and has a single configuration file that is ready to be deployed. Which of the following can be true about this configuration file? (select three)

a. Aaron's configuration file can deploy applications in both AWS & GCP

b. the configuration file can deploy bot QA & Staging infrastructure for applications

c. the state file can be stored in Azure but provision applications in AWS

d. the state can be disabled when deploying to multiple clouds to prevent sensitive data form being shared across cloud patforms

<details>
<summary>Answer 57. :</summary>
  a: Aaron's configuration file can deploy applications...<br/>
  b: the configuration file can deploy both QA & Staging...<br/>
  c: the state file can be stored in Azure but provision applications ...
</details>

---

## Score
1. 04-08-2022 PM | 45/57 = 78%
2. 05-08-2022 PM | 55/57 = 96%
